this game doesn't work
♥♥♥♥♥ charged me 80 now its 15 dollars, got boring after about 5 hours.
w,
เกมเเดกเงินดีๆนี้เอง
emily is a thot
spent 3 days making a base. man teleported in my base, spawned in steel armour and sword, killed us, broke everything
where do i begin...i trusted you bethesda. from all the time i spent with fo3... i never could have imagined this garbage is what you'd spew up from the depths of whatever 'creative' hell it came from. i thought you would learn from what obsidian did with new vegas, more depth - more realism.the map is smaller than skyrim, todd. not in length, or width, but in the sense that the little things are missing. the special touch and charm that is just on the cusp of every corner you'd turn in the previous fallout titles is missing... the environment feels hollow, too vibrant, too smooth. it's not the same fallout theme i grew to crave and felt wonder at. you traded something original, something special, from those wonky shooter mechanics to the skill bar and karma system, for what? better fps mechanics and a more 'console-friendly' interaction system? i would suggest that all digital copies are wiped and the physical copies piled into a garbage dump like atari did when e.t. the extra terrestrial failed... but i digress...this game should serve as a warning to those who find themselves with an ip as significant as the fallout universe. it's like they say - "if it ain't broke, don't fix it!" do yourself a favour and buy fallout: new vegas, instead of this $80 squirming feeling of regret and hopelessness.
very harsh to new players. combat system is strange but is still sort of playable in a way...fighting against players who have way more experience against someone with low hours is really the worst.
this has got to be worse than sonic 06'!i played many of the sonic games as a kid, staying up late nights on my sega megadrive playing sonic 1-3 and sonic and knuckles ect ect. this is a poor excuse of a gamepros:1. it runs well2. thats about all..cons:1. sure the surrounding area's may seem nice, sonic looks like an unfinished unity model2. the controls feel too heavy and he drops like a stone when u jump..nothing like how it used to be3. the stages are just.. it doesnt bring any charm back to what the stages were in sonic 1..4. the controls are ♥♥♥♥5. i wasted money on this..overall..this game is a 2/10.. please dont buy it..instead.. go buy sonic 1-3 for the sega megadrive on steam...sooo much better
is this game actually free to play ? i don't think so. you can only hunt one animal in the game. the rest you have to buy... with real money. how can this one is free to play? don't play this game, it doesn't even worth your time. hell, you have to pay to play multiplayer!that being said, ♥♥♥♥ this game and the devs.
os zumbis são rápidos e fortes, os humanos são lerdos e fracos, você morre em questão de segundos quando for carregar a arma...
this game is a waste dont buy......
it did not send my code play! waste of money
stellaris is better.
wtf keeps crashing plz fixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx used to be awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bad,people just spam 1 op character 1/10
well, i don't have much to say about the game. the north american shut down, leaving only european servers. as an australian, i rarely, if ever, get a stable connection to europe. i.e, i can't play the game at all. i can't even launch it.edit: i managed to get into the game. it looks okay, loading time is a little long for what the game looks like. but that's okay. i managed to get into a match, even with enough people in the queue i think they were all ai's, they had first/last names. maybe the playerbase is just weird. the big problem was aforementioned connection issues. i couldn't do anything, moving was constant rubber banding between where i started and where i was trying to move to.don't get me wrong, it looks like a decent game. i'd play this. but i can't recommend it with such atrocious servers, and not even having servers for everyone else. if there were north american servers, i'd recommend this game.
buy it. support it. it's awesome. i will find you if you don't.^ kek, what an old report.personally i think you shouldn't play this game, although it might get better in a few years.i bought this game as soon as it came out, i bought the founders two pack. it was fun, pretty buggy, but it was full of promise. skip forward a few years later. the game is worse. lets talk about starting the game. the game is slow to start. starting a game will take just as long, and when you get into the game itself, prepare for unoptimized slowness. the game runs terribly, is riddled with bugs and the devs generally don't add any new content. if this was developed by a good indie team, or an aaa team (oh, did i forgot to mention they fired several people who worked at bioware, and hired some scrubs?), it would be amazing. the concept is great, i would have really looked forward to this game shining, but the devs are horrible. i do not recommend this game.
problemas com serve e conexão
well valve u screwed up pyros are too overpowered and now the new update u destroyed the rocke tjumper and there is no normal valve servers now. i've been playing this game since 2013 and i miss the old times.now i got to wait 1 hour just to find a casual server.the pyro is just too overpowed and can kill a soldier and scout easily just by holding down w and holding down mouse one.and now its hard just to have fun in tf2
every new update makes the game crash fasterlol
深夜的时候匹配会遇到derank的智障，而且两个一起踢都踢不掉
如果拿来和ps2版的98um来比的话，阉割太严重，本来的3d背景居然又变回老98的2d背景了，语言只有日英，ps2版都不止两种。还有为什么不把ps2版的画廊和自定义配色搞进来？
对新人极度不友好  随便一个服务器延迟上200 没法玩
后悔了  简直无脑刷刷刷...
as fun as this game looks,its all a big microtransaction festit requires you to buy money or spend hours,and hours breaking blocks to get atleast 10 coins. or you can take the paying approach and spend tons of money on this gamethis game is not right for steam, if i choose 1 option and screw up,bam!,the game broke!,you dun goofed!,you can't see the entire screen!this is more of a phone game (if it is,i don't care). it doesn't need steamthis is my opinon by the way, so don't be hatin
me sale un error de nat estricto y me da paja configurarlo...
i decided to buy it as it had items i wanted, by i think buying them individually is actually cheaper, if someone can calculate the price and put it in the comments section, i'd be happy.or angry.
a bootleg of super nintendo brothersif u have no money or a really bad pc i would reccomend xd ok
noice
were is my ♥♥♥♥
poorly designed, lots of flaws, negative community
not balanced at all and has serious frame issues on all graphics settings would recommend to people i don't like to get them away from me for 20 minutes
just a heads up to any and all who intend to play warframe.i have had to battle my way through paypal/warframeto get a refund back because of lacking information on the forums to do with a product.it started with just a refund of ingame money, due to no reply for almost a month, i demanded a refund of real money back.not going into details of what the case was.paypal, have sided with me, after 14 business days saying my claims are valid and i have a right of refund.warframes response was to suspend/ban my account for 20 years, due to this.just a massive warning to any and all who play this game, they show no compassion nor do they care for your rights as a person. yes the game is free great, but all they want is your money, the second you ask for a refund due to a real reason, they will bite you in the butt and throw you under the bus.share this so people are aware, free to play really is not all that great, and warframe have shown that.due to legal rights at this point in time, i'm unable to show the conversations i've had between paypal and the warframes support until the case is completed.
i live in australia so maybe its just me but i cannot even connect to a server without being kicked or the game crashing,the one time i was able to join a game i just didnt really enjoy myself, i kept dying over and over by people that were teleporting around and just seemed to come from nowhereso as i said its probably on my end but im still giving this a bad rating beacuse of this.
dota sux.
devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥.
this game is screwed up cant find a single that cloth and armor and i only find weapon and food fix it please so  i can find the stuff i need to survive on it
i dont like this game because1 apparently i shot a dude 1 time with revolver and it hit but didnt count as a hit because i saw blood coming out him and no people were shooting at him when i died the next person on my team shot him and killed him so this bs2 there need to be better security on there server so hacker cant do cheating stuff even though you have thing that people who have been pick to do the thing of the judgement of the jhacker if aim assistance vision assistance and other things
when i shot the the ememy by rpg ememy didn't die how?!
this game are lag because too many zombie idk what happed
the devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about how long this game takes to finish, it's been in alpha for 3 years!!! and still counting don't bother buying this game! it's a scam and you will be told lies and more lies by these ♥♥♥♥wit devs!!
hackers hackers hackers devs arnt doing ♥♥♥♥!
scorched earth sold for $20.00 says its a super polished dlc..... pffffftttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!! biggest load of ♥♥♥♥ ive even read, this game is still full of bugs that havnt been adressed since release. you can easily lose over 20+ hours of work with a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing bug, today i tamed an argy for 9 hours only for it to fall through the map within 20 mins...... gg would not reccomend
terrible clearly unfinished! i refunded this game within 90 minutes, super poorly optimised not even a $2000 pc could run without the frame drops here and there
♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥ very bad mechanics
ok so i thought id do abit of a review, 950+ hours - been playing rust since legacy so ive seen this game grow to what it is today, ive experienced all the new and old things in rust but this new xp system is just game breaking! it is basically a race to see who can farm the most, so for the people not in a big clan are at a massive disadvantage(shared xp), this also means you cant come into a wipe half way through anymore! it requires many hours if not days just to aqquire anything decent! i hope the devs are reading this! we want rust back!!
was such a great game but the devs are just making it go downhill, would not reccomend it at all
freejam? what happened? it seems that all of your money income has been cut into 7/8 of what it used to be. how? (ahahaha) well you see gc was bought a lot more frequently than your crrates. you know why? because it wasnt ♥♥♥♥ing random.crate complaint: check.removal of gc and not refunding what was spent is pure greed you shouldn't do that if you want to get those steaks, chicken, vegetables and fruits. you are just killing a game you could have made billions off of just by adding all this crap no one wants. it could have all been avoided if you actually learn't to read. have fun trying to under stand this. you dont even look at reviews.
is a poop, the biggest ive ever seen!
+: combines aspects from other games in a way that makes the game truly unique in its own way.+: one of the only if any mmo's that allows you to dig on the terrarian itself (although you can't build on the terrain unless it's in your own 'cornerstone' which is basically your own portable headquarters that you craft things at).+: for an mmo this game took an interesting style of graphics that i haven't seen done before (in an mmo).+: a bunch of classes to chose from, all seeming quite different from one another.+: the game is free.+: can be a good mmo for someone who's never played one.+: you can 'deassemble' a weapon or accessory you don't want to turn it into crafting materials that you may find more useful.(stating this) many reviews on here say that the problem with the game is that it takes so long to connect to servers but this has been fixed (to my understanding).-: although there is a huge arsenal of weapons (that you are pre-assigned based on your class e.g. shadow archers will only receive bows) none of them actually change the way you fight or for that matter give you any feeling of variety.-: you progress so quickly that an item you picked up that you may have considered to be really good at the time can quickly become outdated in terms of stats. the game tries to make you feel good with this system of constant rewards and progression although it fails because you don't actually feel accomplished.-: no storyline, none.-: this game is repetitive, most of your objectives in this game are basically 'kill this and receive this' or... 'mine this and receive this'.  due to there being no storyline you find yourself asking 'why am i even doing this?!'.-: no actual quests, you have a pre-determined set of quests that every player in the entire game is also doing. you have no freedom to do what you want (that is if you want to actually make progress within the game), you must complete the assigned quest to move onto the next one.-: the  entire game  is randomly generated making there feel like there's nothing to actually explore, it's just randomly generated terrain and dungeons (that also seem to be very repetitive). -: you must make an account for the game itself, this isn't so bad on its own however it can be very frustrating trying to get your verification code from your email to work (both me and my friend had the problem).-: character customization itself is bad, (not the hats, there's plenty of those). there aren't many color options, as far as physical traits just about all you can do is change your skin color (e.g. you cannot change your height, width, etc.).-: things in the tutorial seem to be out of order, for example around my first hour of gameplay i was being being told the buttons used to attack even though i had already killed loads of enemies.-: does not have very much music.-: all drops are marked as uncommon/rare+ when it comes to the rarity tag of an item, i've never seen a single item marked as 'common'. i feel the game does this to make you feel more accomplished.this game has/had a lot of potential, it really did. sadly i have to say that i must give this game a 4/10 for the reasons listed above.
written versiona story about my uncle is a game that presented itself to me as quite promising with its amazing atmosphere which sucked me in from the beginning. i was later led to disappointment as i realized just how little story there actually is and that the game relies on using cliffhangers to keep the player going. i was fine with this until i completed the game and was left quite unsatisfied. the game made me very eager to see just what would happen next as i swung from stage to stage hoping that i'd get some dialogue. the ending left me quite disappointed as i saw the developer could've done much more with the game. a lot of players have trouble with this game (refer to the other reviews for this, mostly the negative). i find that this is what gives players their play time. the developer is asking $13 for a game that could take a player 1-3 hours to complete (depending on just how much they die).-----------------------------------------------------pro/con versionpros- what little dialogue there is can drive your curiosuity enough to keep you playing.- amazing atmosphere.- fun gameplay.cons- very little dialogue.- 1-3 hours of gameplay.- monotone narrator/unconvincing voice actors (don't let the narrator's beautiful voice fool you!)- massive price tag for how long the game is.-----------------------------------------------------conclusion: i'd say get it on sale, it's a very fun game however its price tag is just quite demanding. for a story based game the story really isn't there; the atmosphere is. you could get something that'll get you more for your buck elsewhere.
tower defence with rather standard level design and tower design. levels dont seem very balanced as some require you to sell/build to mess with the pathing of the attackers.game seems like a bad console port and as i was on my last 2 achievements the game crashed and reset my progress.
great concept of a game, seems to be a perfect mix of chess and warhammer 40k.although i would not recommend this game as it seems the ai is completely broken, 3/8 missions and the ai couldn't process any moves and the match would freeze.i once had 3 marines with a 95% hit chance attack a single orc and all 3 missed. misses seem to happen far to often.if the devs did some work fixing the bugs in this game it would be great but considering these large bugs nearly a year after release i would suggest not buying it unless you only want it for the multiplayer.
rubbish game! do not play, even if it is free!absolute, utter ♥♥♥♥♥!i dinnae know why you would play this game, when it's essentially justan unreal tournament-esque game, with all the fun speed removed, andarbitrary limitations placed on visual customisation and weapons.
nether is a terrrible game. the graphics are lower than advertised, there a low amount of servers especially im my area (australia). making it hard to play with the lag. the game is glitchy i found myself in the air at one point only to fall from the sky and die, vendors bug out and close conversation and no one play this game anymore. i regret bying this game as i bought the gold edition ( which is 20 usd more ) and i wish i could have a refund
i dont no what to say (no comment)
the hardest thing about this dlc is overcoming the bugs on the pc version. don't buy waste of $$
a once great game, much better then payday heist. unfortunately this game went on a decline about a year after release and has since only got worse. the micro transaction announcement was a disappointing development but one i can't say i'm truly surprised by. this company just isn't the same as it use to be, nor is the game. i'm glad i was around since the beginning for this game and got to play the "golden" days of its early release but it just isn't anywhere near as fun or interesting as it use to be.
one of the worst pc ports of all time, a truly terrible game. the game is so bad that just having friends come online on uplay will crash the entire game. this bug has been around since 2012 and still not fixed. if you live in certain regions of the world the online multiplayer is straight up unplayable with terrible host migration. it would of been better off if this game was never made, that is how had it is. disgusting.
i really enjoyed this game but the achievement system is bugged. there is input lag on movements which will sometimes lose you a level and hasn't been ported to pc well. due to these issues i wouldn't recommend this game at the moment but if they patch them and reduce the price i would highly recommend it due to the gameplay and puzzles being very fun and enjoyable.i worthy hitman puzzle game plagued by issues unrelated to the gameplay. a shame really.
it's a great game, but its dead; the only ones who play are high ranked people, if you want to play you better have a group of +8 friends since that way you can make an inhouse tournament or something, otherwise just buy it for the ♥♥♥♥ of buying gg games, since they're great.great anime graphics though, liked those.
this game was really good before they change the layout and how it looks, now it just looks like ♥♥♥♥, when i go into a game i cant hear anything beside some ♥♥♥♥♥ talking and then they had to ♥♥♥♥ it up
this game is fun and very immersive however there seems to be a massive bug where it gives you several rubble/ blockades to use c4 on but i and others have worked out that it doesn't supply enough c4 for all these also there is next to no where if any to locate more piles of c4.
horrible. gameplay is rather sluggish, graphics arent too good, and the matchmaking just doesn't want to work like it should do.
i do not recommened this game at all. the gameplay is really awful, and the servers are just laggy. to me, it feels like that the game isn't being supported by the developers.
it is a fun game but when you get full ghillie suit,canteen,alice pack,cornfield(infinite food pretty much) the game just sinks, it becomes boring and stupid, then multiplayer you die loose all your stuff and well, have fun starting over, the developer could have put more thought into the graphics as well. all and all i dont recomend it, it get boring and very repeditive.~thomas the dank engine
this game is rubbish, a samurai sword takes just as long to kill them as punching them, i have been riped off by this stupid fn game and the creators should be lined up and shot
warning, do not buy!!! i don;t know if it's just me but the graphics on this games are just horrible, even when all graphical settings are on high. my beast gaming laptop goes beyond all the system requirements of this game, and (before i get all the hate for using a laptop) i play gta 5 constantly on 50+ fps fully optimised. so ***warning to all laptop or pc gamers: sports games are for consoles, not computers*** if you want to buy this game despite all the deserved hate, wait a few months until all the patches and bug fixed are released, please... i made the mistake of buying it on 2nd day of launch, exactly the same to when i pre-ordered arkham knight... (you know how that turned out). 
although the long awaited update finally came out and many things from my original review have been fixed/improved, i still can't give this game a thumbs up- many new sfx have been added and the in game atmosphere (while playing with music off because i don’t really like hm music) has improved dramatically, but the title screen is still quiet. the rain is falling, the lightning is flashing, but it’s all silent. also, some already existing (but horrible) sfx has been completely dropped out instead of being replaced with better ones. monsters and skeletons on the first level make no sound at all while walking. you can hear your footsteps but monsters walk silently which looks/"sounds" really odd.- keyboard controls are finally fixed, but now the gamepad is not working. since the keys can’t be reassigned, and the default layout is terrible, the game is (at least for me) unplayable. no gamepad also means sitting in front of my monitor instead on my couch and playing on big screen tv.when at least the gamepad support is fixed i’ll gladly change my review to positive. the game progressed a lot since the original release and is finally (almost) how it should have been from the start. ----original review:this review is based on the latest version of the game available to me, which is v1.0 for osx (and i believe it’s also the latest version for linux). since the release the developers released a number of patches, windows only. for a windows review read somewhere else. i’ll update this as / if game gets updated.from the developers website: "slain! is affectionately inspired by games such as ghosts and goblins, altered beast, shadow of the beast and golden axe"played all of those as a kid. the only thing that's better in slain! are graphics. everything else is much, much worse. so sad i backed this on kickstarter, can't get the refund. if there was only a bug here or there, i would have hope that it can be fixed. but it's not about the bugs here (actually haven't encountered any), it's about poor game design, really bad controls, missing sound effects… in the games mentioned above there was at least some feedback / knock back when you get hit by an enemy, in slain! enemies walk through you. sure, all this can be fixed but it’s not a question of days but rather months. at this stage, i would suggest to the developers to slap the “early access” badge on this and take it from there.edit #4:as of 31 may developers "hope" they'll have osx (that probably means linux too) update ”in the near future". thanks for the kick in the balls, again. edit #3:hoooraaay! patch 1 is out! it fixes sooo many things! oh, wait... it's just for win. no patch for osx and linux. but the store page says the game supports osx and linux? well, it also says there are trading cards and achievements.... but you know, who cares anymore.edit #2:achievements are broken. you can get the first one, but that's it, the rest of them don't work. store page states "trading cards", but they are nonexistent.edit #1:try turning the music off and you’ll find that this game is almost mute!except from generic footsteps and sword sounds there are no sounds when you pick up power ups, die from spikes, break stones or fall down. on the menu screen you see the rain falling and flashes on the screen (lightning) but can’t hear any of that, it’s all quiet. at the beginning a monster spawns from the ground, blood sprays from the pit, visually very dramatic… no sound… no ground rumbling, no sound of blood spraying, the monster is mute. fire gargoyles spit fireballs from their mouths… no sound at all.  monsters make engine revving like sound which starts quietly, then gradually goes louder, then ends abruptly and then starts over in a loop. skeletons make a fireplace crackling like sound (bones?) but die without making any sound… the list goes on and on. and i’ll remind you all that one of the kickstarter stretch goals (which was reached) was hiring “dedicated professional audio designer”.
this game is so boring & repetitive, that it hurts. i really tried to like it, it’s got really nice graphics, but it just doesn’t work for me. the story is as if it was taken from a b grade movie, the characters are just plain and soulless, the loot is crap. you visit the same locations over and over again, killing more and more zombies, doing pointless side missions… just boring.and another thing… comparing this to borderlands… that’s an insult to every vault hunter. this is nothing like borderlands.
instead of adding more mercs, fix the already op and broken mercs
ok if your thinking of playing this game don't. to kill you need weapons and to get weapons  you need real money and there is nothing yes i said nothing  in the shop you can buy with in game money.... what's the point.this game sucks from there it could of been better if they had  not put everything in the shop for real money....... i rate this game -10/10
dayz, what a broken game.it is only fun if you are playing with friends that can take the p*ss out of it, but if you don't have extra money to buy friends, you may want to aviod this.dayz is poorly optimised, has texture pop in, zombies having the amazing ability to hit you from 100ft away and walk through walls (one of them must be god) and picking the right moment for the game to crash on you.the devs put the servers under maintenance but do f*** all to fix the game. the game is still in early access and will probably stay like that until the real apocalypse happens.
it sucks balls.com
this game does't have half life 3, therefore it sucks. 0/10 would internet conspiracy again
save yourself the money and dont buy this game
i may only have 116 hours on rust however maybe only 80-90 hours of that is "legacy" the devs don't like it being called old rust but i call it old rust and the real rust that i fell in love with, they have added some amazing new content in this game recently but after taking out the soul of rust itself, it really went downhill, i used to get home and spend hours at a time playing this game on the old rust map, it's now that i wish i spent more time playing that beautiful game, now i don't like the look of it, the resource scale is a lot worse and it's just too bare, the old hills on the side of the old road used to be a great place to build a base, not only strategic but it also looked nice, now there's only forests and usually only one stretch of mountains that are too high and bare as the old ones used to have rocks all over to build and hide behind, facepuch, you made a great game, it still is great what you do but it's just lost it's realism as well, when it looked as real as it did it was amazing, i will continue to play this game as i still do support it but many of us who downrate this game (i believe) is because of the great loss of the old rust, thank you for reading this anybody who decided to pay attention to this long rant.
no nazis
xp ruined this game
can only use 2 races when playing online unless you own the other games...(otherwise a fun game)
its gay
do you want a date with palmela handerson?or like to wrestle the eel?well this game is not for you.10/10 would not play againwhy is there achievements? i thought there would only be one goaldamn cat get out of my room!!!
wasn't able to play this game properly while having heavy framelaggs.the game is so laggy i can barely play.i dont recommended buy this piece of crap 1/10
>your yellow guys spawn in.>you assign them to tasks.>they start cutting wood.>your wood falls of sky-island.>your minions freeze and do nothing wondering what just happened.11/10 would play again.also the devs do litterally nothing, they say they are doing stuff but they really arent.
don't get me wrong, ark is a fun game and it is unique in the fact that your tools include the dinos and other annimals, however i still can't recommend the game due to the simple fact that the devs are currently (in my opinion) more focused on adding new features that have bugs associated with them than fixing the ones that are currently in the game. it ruins the experience if your constantly finding bugs that may be small still ruin things or make the game frustrating. another major concern i have is that you need a pretty damn good rig in order to run this, i can usually run all my games (steam and non-steam) at their highest settings, ark however for whatever reason i have severe trouble to run on even its lowest settings. now i know some of you will go "get a better rig" well that doesn't solve much as it is the job of the dev team to make the game accessible to as many people as they can, and in order to do that they need to get on top of fixing and optimising the game rather than adding more features. so no i can't reccommend the game in its current state, however if the dev team is able to address the many issues with this game and do something simmilar to what space engineers is doing right now, where the devs arehalting addition of features and are just focusing on fixing the current bugs, then i'd give it a positive review...
this game is actually cancer i recommend you go buy something else, its fun for the first 10 minutes then you become depressed because you relised you wasted your money on this
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. do not buy.quite simply, uses gfwl, even on casual mode one simple troop will take a whole magazine to kill, ai is moronically stupid - both friendly and enemies, voice acting is just terrible, interface is designed for console and hud reflects that. pc graphics are ♥♥♥♥.not helped by a complete lack of story explanation, completely broken melee and a frustrating cover system. character models are pretty lousy as well.i repeat: save your money. or at least spend it on train simulator, because that would be more fun.
i have played around 2 hours of this game and they were the worst 2 hours i have ever spent gameing this just felt like a tf2 knock off
i played this game for 40 hours and then was banned for cheating i have no idea how i was cheating i guess i was to good for the game game to handle :(
buys game cant even play it 10/10
good but still needs work.also the fighter pilot controls are strange and odd to control its not that fun to play as the pilot because of this.and match making is stupid for tanks.also i want to play as a tank with my friend who is infantry how do i do this?why would early ww2 tanks vs late ww2 tanks it really stupid make somekind of tier system or something. no equality in tanks!and are the soldiers unfit or something because they can only run for 2 seconds its stupid!
bomber spam is new great thing for game, match over in 2 minute is great right, tu 4 is also good cause why not?
10/10 would not buy again-gamespot
it has french people in it. 69/420
its not as good without the hentai patch.
no bread.
guns of icarus online is a first person western shooter that is horrible in every way possible. this game is obviously a failure of a call of duty clone. the level up system seems to use unrealistic millitary ranks. i mean, what the ♥♥♥♥ is a "powder monkey?" you also lack the ability to prestige making replayability nil. the weapons.... oh dear. you don't even get to hold the guns. they are mounted onto your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vehicle and the aiming is horrible. most guns don't even have ♥♥♥♥ing iron sights. and here it comes.... the worst part... the ♥♥♥♥ing sniper rifle. you heard me, sniper rifle. there is only one of those in the game and the idiots that made the game called it the "mercury field gun" thinking it sounds cool or some ♥♥♥♥. well it doesn't you filthy hipsters, just admit its mean't to be called the l96a1 bolt action rifle. oh yeah, i forgot. its not even bolt action and it only has 2 bullets. you also lack the ability to do 360 no scopes. what the ♥♥♥♥ devs learn how to make an actual game!!!overall i give guns of "i-♥♥♥♥ed-your-mother-hard-last-night-carus" a 420/69 - ign.
9/11 not enough terrorism - ign
i caught this on sale for $3 and err.... im stuck with it... well atleast it has fox people in it. right??(on a side note, the story and soundtrack is absolutely horrible)
if u liek dis game or want it, install league of legends.
se so joga se paga sendo que o jogo e free '-
seeing such a great world full of potential in this game. everything about the game play is great so far. u get to craft, u get to build stuff, and u get to raid and such. but currently this game is ruined by hackers and bad community management. dun get me wrong, i'm in singapore and almost all the server i've played in has hacker, all the asia server has hacker. all the western server too lag to play. official server, the name shd make ppl scared to use hack or ♥♥♥♥, but no. there are tons of hackers, ruining the game, u go out, gather resource and get some good gear and suddenly out of nowhere a guy with speed hack flash right infront of u, jerking left,right up and down, and seemingly just smack u to death with a rock, and not once but 4 times. so i said fine, i'll go to other part of the world, bam, aimbots and wall hack shooting from inside a rad town wall. go to community server? no, admins hacking, admins not bothering about hackers cause they are friend and ♥♥♥♥♥. so unless garry and his team solve this problem, this game is a no go for asian gamers. (pro tip: just ban china, they are the major cause for hacking)
i don't recommend this game.for a game that lets you flip which direction gravity works in you'd expect there to be good puzzles. instead there's some okay ones every now and then, and the majority of the game is mediocre platforming made frustrating as the fall height for "falling to death" is barely more than your jump.
do not buy this game from steam. if you do, you'll be at steam's mercy, likely to waste a lot of money on an inactive game like i just did. this integration is the worst i have ever seen, and although you probably won't notice any problems at first, you will, eventually.
do not get it!
behold this amazing demo of "what starforge could have actully have been" is just a tast of this product and only represents 0.0001 of the actural product promised you can either a leave with your money knowing run run run its a vapar were or buy it and then complaim to steam support taht you purchest this wondefull fine game and recieved the demo only to learn it was the full deal and that there is barely anygame to playcough warz cough cough
this games wjasdiofjs fun in the baet but when it came and updated it was p2w so much so theni tis bad now and it is too grindy unlsse you apy for sutff
10/10 would crash again. wtf!!! this game is a sack of ♥♥♥♥ and a bag of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that are crusty, hot and expired.  yummy
too short for the price right now, only about an hour and a half of campaign and the rest is just endless and challenge mode. fun for a bit but not $20 fun, $5 fun is a more fair price. superhot is the most innovative shooter i've played in years! 
very disappointing. codemasters have taken a grant-bribe from oculus to buy platform exclusivity. no reason this couldn't have been delivered using open source steam vr. codies' pr team are busy fobbing off questions about vive compatibility with evasive corporatespeak drivel while, presumably, lighting cuban cigars with dirty $100 notes from the facebook coffers. what next? games you can't play with mouse/keyboard control unless you're a logitech customer? nvidia only software which refuses to run for amd users? software which only works on a samsung monitor (thanks for the brown paper envelope, guys).it sucks, and is of no benefit to the consumer. the pc platform's strength is broad compatibility regardless of who manufactures the components or peripherals. this is the thin end of the wedge, and pc gamers should stand together in giving a well deserved collective middle finger to anyone involved in these shabby practices.oh, and as far as the review goes, i couldn't play the game in vr because codemasters were bribed into avoiding the de facto openvr standard in favour of locking down the hardware with oculus' proprietory drivers, so....that's a huge thumbs down and a generous 2 testicles/10 rating for this one. hope codemasters choke on mark zuckerberg's baby batter...
no
i want a game that runs.... thats not this game... rockstar social club is the internet explorer of game clients (and thats being generous).
i don't even know why is spent 400 hours in this game. the most fun i has was playing on a server with no players and killing zombies whilst collecting loot. the pvp is horrible and it's buggy as all hell. do not buy this game! buy rust or dayz instead.
i bought this thinking i would have access to all online areas as it states. but once i bought it and launched the game. it didn't do anything. what a waste of money.
i have to down vote this game. there seems to be a shocking trend for big game cross platform developers to neglect keybinding in pc games. some pc gamers have a setup that is not easy to remove a joystick for various reasons, joysticks are not easy to disable on a window system. these new games see joysicks as a gamepad and use buttons and any axis across any or all of the attached joysticks and disable the keyboard alltogether making the game unplayable. simple fix is dont downgrade pc inputs to suit a 10-15 button gamepad.
i have to down vote this game. there seems to be a shocking trend for big game cross platform developers to neglect keybinding in pc games. some pc gamers have a setup that is not easy to remove a joystick for various reasons, joysticks are not easy to disable on a window system. these new games see  joysicks as a gamepad and use buttons and any axis across any or all of the attached joysticks and disable the keyboard alltogether making the game unplayable. simple fix is dont downgrade pc inputs to suit a 10-15 button gamepad.
if cs:go had an abortion but it came out anyway, it would look something like this game.
so bad all i find is kids yelling at me
-launches game-'your email is already in use'-attempt to recover-no recovery email-kthen.jpgrip
warning!!! the ai cheats!
♥♥♥♥ this game its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ now. micro-transactions are ♥♥♥♥ed in the head. ♥♥♥♥ off almir you jewish ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥
"one of the best f2p games i have played. even if you pay money you dont get better weapons to kill your opponents with which makes it even better" - me 2014so, that was my old review for this "game". it was true at the time but since then the game has been abandoned by the developers, traded in for the ps4 version instead. they ceased development on the pc version and have since closed down the australian servers, making it unplayable for anyone in the area (including myself). the matchmaking for other servers is garbage as well, taking decades to find a lobby.this game is trash now and i'm glad to be not installing it again after reading the reviews for the game, and now giving my own. a big poop
3/10this game shows some really awesome ideas and gameplay but the servers are really laggy! the training facility is basicly a game with bots to play with and very bad placed instructions. also the key bindings are bad and there is no way to quit the game unless in the home screen but... you can't get to the home screen! i had to quit with alt+f4. i do not recomend this game at all! it is a free game and only takes 45 minutes to download so give it a shot, there is a small chance you might like it.
never playing again. such a bad game. 69/420
played game for solid like 100 hours. spent 20 of them trying to make the game work. then spent the next 10 finding friends. built house with friends . died to 7 people that blew our house up. gave up at game for a while downloaded and tried to play again spent another 20 hours trying to make it work and now have given up 10/10 would spend more time trying to make game work than actually playing game
♥♥♥♥ing peice of ♥♥♥♥ for a game. #♥♥♥♥ing done. gets banned for another idots mistake and being kicked from to many matchs because of trolls. valve get your ♥♥♥♥ togheter
i cant say if i hate this game, i bought it and didnt even get the game it tells me to purchase it again! so anyone help me?
saddly one of the worst games i have played and me being me i have also played roblox and what dose that tell you? anyway this game is very slow at the start reaches a medium and just drops after you complete everything and then what? hackers everywhere you go on 1 server hacker here another there they are everywhere. i dont just not recommend this game i dont even know why the **** it was even eccepted through the steam greenlight what why 1 vote of a guy that has 9 accounts and works for rockstar games? i have said all i will say if you want 100 more reasons on why this game sucks **** add me as a friend and type to me "i want 100 reasons on to why this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game sucks* thank you also for a cheaper and better version of this game just use the gtavonline gamemode for garrys mod its pretty good and $80 less.
bought the game i was like "sweet this is awesome" started up the game it didnt even start up tryed everything never started up if you have this game get a refund
ridiculous i have an amd 390 series and this game is the only game i own that just plays at like 2 fps ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crap
seems nvidia gets priority once again, i have an amd card that maxes out all games that nvidia has no involvement with. i'm sick of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t these money hungry ♥♥♥♥ heads do to get you to buy their product. are you scared amd is cable of surpassing you, you sound like you are. i will no longer be buying any games where nvidia has prime say in what goes! >>>game only works with nvidia cards <<<
a really entertaining game with solid mechanics.unfortunately, minor things like the ability to reliably find a match come second to essentials like dlc.i'll happily update this when the game works
don't buy it. it doesn't work well on windows 10, and it looks like it never will. apparently the developers don't care about their costumers. they are not going to fix game breaking exploits nor handle trolls. i didn't have fun playing, just disappointment. my money was thrown at people who don't deserve. hope it helps someone to not waste money, there are a lot of better games that need support.
when i try to create a singleplayer world it says local server can not be accessed plus the console thing that runs the programs stops working plz fix it
please dont play this game, but if you do please dont put money on this. please dont download and slam.
a good game that gets you going and then finishes just to quickly. 3.4 hrs on record and i played it slowly. buy it on special.
impossible to figure out the controls is basically trying to suck all your money
the name jfiam5udeh was taken... best name maker simulator i've ever seen 10/10
2/10 not enough chicken breasti'm sorry
after the revolver update the game become so unbalanced,seems that the devs of the game don`t give a damn about the community ,changing the gameplay to be more like cod type where u can shoot a full clip of ak47 and dont give a damn about the recoil of the weapon .. u gotta love volvo <3<3 for all the hard working they`ve done to maintain the game balanced*sarcasm alert*..let`s not forget about the previous update where they introduced the new in-game sounds and m4a1-s nerf.i hope they will realise the mistakes they`ve made and rebalance the game as soon as possible.♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ volvo
this game is terrible. i gave it 3.5 hrs of my life and could do no more.aside from massive plot holes (how can your phone blow up storm vents?) the whole game feels way overhyped. combat is boring and discovering the map almost feel pointless.the graphics and city were good though, sometimes there were little things that impressed me about the gameplay. but overrall was not enough to keep my interest.get gta v, my recommendation.
drm prevents activation. don't buy.
charmingly terrible with ok graphics and nice visual designs (except for garshasps face) mixed with horribly implemented hack and slash game mechanics and bad levels. only really good thing about this is it's length (short).
great gamelove it to bitsit kills me (no pun intended) to give this game a bad reviewfirst things first, this is a great game, great combat system great world design, enemy design and is just overall brilliant.however, this is one of the worst pc ports to date, in fact, i could even check the damage scaling on my weapons with plugging in my controller and pressing x on them. on top of that, sooooo many errors with the lock-on system (which is necessary if you want to play a caster build), some of the worst hitboxes i've ever seen, enemy ai problems and large problems with the rolling mechanic (which is neccessary to the game).i'm not saying this is a bad game, i just want you to know what you are getting when you buy this game
okay, maybe i have not played this much and i enjoyed it for a bit as a fun game...however the glitches, lag, micro transactions all add up to make it a horrible game.i played one mission (gridlock i think) where half the ai opponents would just walk mindlessly against the wall wrecking the mission.i encountered a hacker in the first 5 minutes of multiplayer which ruined that side of it to. not to mention its current inactivity of servers.... i wonder why? its a horrible game in general, there are so many better games out there.also i do not know this for sure but the menu looks like its stolen off blacklight: retribution which i would rather go into and spend hours apon hours on if it was a choice between the two.however for the time i didnt experience those issues it was a fun game... until i noticed that there is nothing left to do after the missions other then mindless pvp that is ruined by what was mentioned above.
the game started off as awesome. i can remember the times when you progress into new teirs and levels, unlocking different armours, weapons, and utilities. this was great fun up to this point - until alll of a sudden - the updates happened. the diversity of different tiers and levels, dissapeared - the uniqueness of designs, gone - the all-round game play, terrible.what made this game so bad in the end, was the fact that they decided to take all the hard work, grinding, and time off all the users, and just deleted it. sent everyone back to an abysmal tech tree which made a level 100 and a level 1 the same sturdiness (armour wise). and the devs didnt even refund those who lost their hard earned robots.the development team needs to recognise that what they are/have done has turned a great oppurtunity into a train wreck. this can clearly be seen in reviews. unless drastic restorations to the game are conducted. you will not enjoy this game.
back when i used to play this, it pulled me in. it was hard, and i hated it. but i thought to myself "one day i'm going to get good at this."30ish hours in, with 48 hours of research and homework on how to be good, and i still sucked.horrible game, russians everywhere, don't bother.
typical 8 hour singleplayer.
chances are, if you're reading this, chivalry is not the game for you. it's your typical first person swordfighting game, but it has a massive, massive learning curve.i'd never recommend this game until it becomes an actual fighting game instead of a blocking simulation.
killing floor is betternuff said
play game, get tf2 hat, craft tf2 hat into another tf2 hat.delete game afterwards.
laggy, boring and bland.
it will not launchplease fix this
♥♥♥♥ merda que a steam nao que reembolsa
nunca mais olhei para uma tomada do mesmo jeito
this game is cool if you like total rng-based grindy, oftentimes frustrating, games. even then, it's not ready for shipping. english is pretty terrible, too much extraneous fluff, and a total disconnected feel from your decisions.2.5/10 until really fixed
 pessaol eu tenho um poblema  só que o poblema o vc redist eu ja abaixei mesmo asim o mortal  kombat nao abre eu ja verifiquei a intergridade dos aquivos e fala que falta o visual c e dai ele fala que  abaixar só que parece que meu pc bloquea o visual c nao deixa eu abaixar nao abre ne huma janela ne huma nao abre nada e saio alquem ja teve esse poblema pod eme ajudar eu desintalei e nao funcionou
jogo de ♥♥♥♥♥
bom ojogo é muito  bom só tem uma coisa que um tinha as missaons do mapa vai mata o chefe dos policiais vai manda o payday 2 toma no cu payday 2 é muito rpg  éssa ♥♥♥♥♥ e o payday 1 é melhor tchau vou compar o um voces qyue se ♥♥♥♥m
this games sucks
tl; dr version: for $9.99, this dlc is short and does not add any real content to the game that you can not go without.now for the long version. i got this dlc as a part of my season pass, so i didn't pay the $9.99 price tag. but if you didn't buy a season pass and are considering buying this dlc separately, i recommend you do not.there are really only two new characters with a decent amount of interaction introduced in this dlc. one i felt was developed very well, and will keep as a companion for a while. the other, was very shallow. there was barely any character development to make me feel anything for them. they could have been a no name raider and plucked at the same heartstrings during the big choice of this dlc.the robot customisation added by this dlc is quite neat. all of it balances nicely with no obvious power play options. and it's fun to have your own custom companion. but this, ultimately, is no different to any other companion. sure, i can give them sword arms, but i could just give another companion a sword for the same effect. the interface is also slightly confusing; it is difficult to follow what change in damage/resistance a mod will cause without doing the manual check yourself. i was beginning to trust those little +++.coming into this dlc with a lv 50 character (playing on survival) i really only felt challenged on combat at one stage in this dlc. that's not isolated to this dlc though, i feel fallout 4 has difficulty issues regardless. but this dlc does nothing to rectify this.oh and if you're not a junk hoarder then i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors amassing your new hoard if you want to build any decent robot mods.there are a few new weapons added in this dlc as well, with the majority being mele, then energy. these are not something a level 50+ is going to start using though. even with full modification, they fail to pack any considerate punch.there are also some unique power armor mods added in this dlc, but they are non transferable and will only benefit energy weapons users.in the end this dlc adds some cool features to your settlement and a cool new companion, but other than that there is nothing really new that is worth the $9.99 pricetag if you're considering buying this dlc outright.
when this game was first announced at e3 all those years ago, i joined the growing communioty following it. i eagerly awaited any new information. gameplay videos. interviews. articles. anything to give me an insight into what this game would be. and let me tell you now: all of that information, was a lie. the game that you could buy here today is not the game that was promised, not the game that was shown. if you are only hearing about this game now, don't look at any information release prior to august 12. make your decision from anything released after this game was. only that will allow you to make an accurate decision as to whether or not you will enjoy this game. if you have been waiting as long as me, forget everything you have learnt and start anew. you will no longer be as eager.
absolute shart, the developers are f***** scum
♥♥♥♥ing garbage game, unless you want to spend countless hours micro managing every game to have a your units screw up and let 20 romanian division cut right through the center of your reich to berlin. don't get this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ♥♥♥ excuse for a game, it is not fun like any other game released by paradox interactive. the in game tools are a poor excuse and will fail you at every given opportunity. this game will ♥♥♥♥ your wallet.
i can't run this game with my mac.i don't know why but i'm always crashed after the tutorial of this game
ok i just have to say this, i have once liked tf2 but after some time of playing this game i have slowly started to hate this game so much, reasons why you might want to ask me is that i have not really liked the admins of certain cervers (mainly the two pony cervers im on and some others as well) with getting new ones and getting rid of once good ones who i have actually liked. this game is also used for the shop which is used for the keys to unlock these crates that are usually what you might get over a nice weapon or a rare chance of a simple hat. but honestly do people really want to spend over 30 or maybe 60 but not even exactly 100 dollars on some stupid ♥♥♥ ring that no one will ever buy for unless they really wanted to spend it on that damn thing, i say no you can get anything you wanted thats not some cosmetic item for your classes to all wear but i say that these items that i have seen and the new things that have even appeared in this game are just useless, all you get are some weapons or the main thing of hats which i have seen over the time that i have played this damn game. but unlike other games i have seen or played such as cs:go also do the same thing with the shopping mechanism of the keys and crates for weapons. but as for tf2 i would say that i wouldn't even dare to touch or play this game even if they have made some good buffs but after that gunn metel update it just made it all go away for me and started to not even play it one single bit. now if anyone would give me a single reason as to why i should play this game and i mean a good one not that "its so fun and amazing and that you can play with friend" just like any other game i have and that one of my friends have to play on i want a really good reason that you can easily persuade me to start this game up again once more and to prove that it will be worth my while then i will be playing it but otherwise i am not playing it worth anything even if i were to get an unusual which would cost me something or if anyone gave it to me for free. it's not happening and it is final
♥♥♥♥ you gabe kill yourself
it take so much ram :v after timchenko update my computer cant play this game anymore
this sucks more then fan4stic, and that is saying a lot
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
el juego implotará cada cierto tiempo sin ningún sentido y la comunidad no ha encontrado una solución ni explicación. simplemente a algunos les funciona y a otros no.
injugable
great concept, but extremely bad execution.what was fun: social aspect and level of co-op either with friends and matchmaking (sometimes).what wasn't: unprofessional dev attitude, rushed release hence bugs, glitches, and hackers. to top it off, loot system is extremely broken.avoid this on pc, hackers galore. developers have had no concrete response to tackling hackers. in fact hackers have no fear playing this and posting their hacking videos on yt. developers enforce a 3 day ban followed by permanent ban but are being circumvented by hackers simply changing their names. glitching has been rampant for a while now, and no actions have been taken to resolve this issue also, which means most people are op in pvp. there are also so many bugs relating to connection, the quality of servers are intermittent at best, while several of the talents do not even work. in fact, sometimes they are the oppostite. the attitude of ubisoft and massive are: close threads down of anyone posting any negative feedback, while communicating the absolute minimum: the silence indicates that this game is in trouble. the fact that vendor blueprints are more exciting that loot drops is alone a sign of a completely broken game.i thought i'd be proven wrong by forking out early and getting the gold and season pass, but i regret this. apart from the extremely brief social co-op experience this game provided, the only other positive that i've gotten out of this game is to never every buy a game and season pass that massive/ubisoft have laid their dirty little fingers on.
would be yes if this game didnt cost more than whats expected..should be renamed from 'tea party simulator' to 'extra chromesome simulator'its way too hard to play.
now i dont usally write reviews to games but this is beond belief. the models are clearly re-textured from earlier arma games. and there are only like 20 vehicles in game, and most of them you have to pay extra money to have them. seriously , why buy $50 for a game thats going to ask for more money for less stuff. the only good thing in the game is the charecter customizer and thats not much to be cared for.
banned me for joining a serveranti-cheating system needs improvements
only thing that is good about this game is the music.
wanted to like it but i just found it boring
this game has been an extremely big let down, to explain my point i will use a metaphor. games are like pools, minecraft for example is "infinite" and has enough depth you can put your head under while standing, and most aaa games are, quite deep and take you on an journeys regardless of how "large" pool is. and to put plainly nms is kiddy pool infinite in size. extremely simple and impossible to do more then one or to things with. although on its own this game would make good early access $30 game, but the slew of missing content raise more questions then answers we have ever got from the hello games dev team e.g planets orbiting, ships class system, naming ships, flight control that isn't a form of dumb down auto pilot, the depth and complexity of the crafting and elements system. now based on what versions of the games with have seen threw trailers and "gameplay footage", it's looks as if the game has now become extremely simpler then the version we are playing now. some reddititors have gone threw the footage from e3 and the likes, and have said that what we saw was very likely a real version of the game based some key artifacting that could of easily been removed in a pre baked animation e.g aa although this isn't 100% confirmed yet.this just my opinion, but it looks as if nms has been effected by its need to run on the ps4, with the potential of sony pulling strings forcing hello games making the game simple to reach wider audiences and there for more buyers.with all this in mind it is best to hold on to that $60 usd till one of these things happen:1. they update the game bringing it closer to the e3 versions and promises made.2. they reduce the price, justifying the content or lack there of.3. a better and cheaper game that is similar comes out
it's gay
so this is emily is away!its quite meduim but i just have to say no.so i wondered if the dev made more chapters and maybe more scenarios before and after what happend here. there was not much good endings and i tried really hard to not be with emily and stay with emma but that didnt work. valve please fix.
completely bad. its not fun when you have a good pc and the best way to run bo3 is ♥♥♥♥.the zombies was enaging and quite fun.multiplayer felt like they thrown you into the game. \campain was, fine but it didnt feel like the other cods.overall i'll give it a 3/10. it didnt feel like the cods i played.
100 hour review w/ whiteout:downloaded.played.uninstalled.10/10 better than hl3.
single player (no friends) = ♥♥♥♥ this gamemultiplayer (screaming 5 year olds) = sell's it for cs:go keysthis game is just boring unless you have friends to party along with. selling this game btw just to loney :(
hmmm, its hard but i got to say i dont. the 1.6 style is very amazing but zombies is not the type to mix with.
lol rip off
very bad
this game used to be a fun game with an even playing feild but now it is a crappy game with no where near a fair playing feild. for all the conspiracy theorist  out there that want proof of ufo's come play some war thunder plenty of ufo's here. but seriously the grind in this game is by far the ♥♥♥♥♥est i have ever seen. it takes sooooo long to get one plane or tank. the game is almost forcing you to go premium just to progress through the tech tree. if only the devs listened to us.. and wearn't a pack of greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥. also devs the aaa isn't a s500 missile defence system so nerf em a little ffs. i can honestly say that i have wasted 400 hours on this game. so whoever is reading this save yourself the disk space, net usage and time and put some hours into a game that deserves it.
for everyone tempted to buy cs go... don't trust me you will save yourself of all the greif
im gfay
rust, a so called 'survival game' was released in 2013 by facepunch studios.i bought rust in early 2015, i joined a game full of friendlyness and people who wanted to 'survive'over 1000 hours later, the game has gone to trash. it is not a survival game anymore. its a clan - kos - game where who ever kills eachother wins. the game use to be fun. but at its current state is it not worth buying and wasting money on complete udder trash.goobye rust for now, as i will see you when i next go to the dump.
the game is broken i have wasted 6 dollars on the new update for u to guarentied one crate/weapon
when this game first came out i honestly did like it, but now after they keep on vomiting out dlc after dlc i realise how much of a shamble this game really is, graphically it did look nice but the gameplay was pretty standard and the ai were worse then standard, does it really take a mastermind to make good ai? cause seriously. dlc quest legit aint got nothin on payday 2 its kinda sad.
the game sucks and the voice actors sucks !!!!!!
basiclly you get the money you win the game
launched no mans sky: "oh my god i'm so excited! i've been waiting for ages" *game crashes*"oh might of just been my pc" *updates graphics card drivers (gtx 760)**plays game* "wow! this is so good i'm so happy with this!"............12.5 hrs of nms later..."♥♥♥♥ this sack of un-optimised ♥♥♥♥, this is worse than getting catfished"18/18 quintillion would waste 60usd again.
yet a another bland pile of junk. that's all there is to it.
a game you can do almost nothing in. unless of course you have got a licence ;)
despite being well made with a fantastic artstyle and interesting core concepts, this game is plagued with no concept of fair challenge or supporting skill over luck, the game is blatantly unfair and punishing, you will rely purely on rng and very good luck to succeed, nothing to do with player skill, but it's still in open beta so maybe the devs will balance the game later
do not buy this game, just don't. if you like ac games, play any of the far better original ones, like ac brotherhood, if you are new to ac games, don't let this poor mockery ruin your view of the series. everything has been sacrificed to make it co op. combat has finally been made slightly harder, but is now ruined due to parries and dodges working maybe 50% of the time, and having common street brawlers fight better than an assassin is pretty pathetic. the renowned fps issues and other strange glitches are really just another layer of incompitence on top of the already poor excuse for an ac game. ubisoft, go back to brotherhood, everything in that game is better than unity is today, and that game is many years old already
sagoiiii
♥♥♥♥ all ♥♥♥♥
i've had a few hours of gameplay and i heavily enjoyed it but crashes and launcher errors prevent me from playing the game. the game itself is not problem, it's the launcher that can't seem to do anything without getting an error. i reinstalled three times to no avail and it has become frustrating. i would love to recommend this game but until zenimax get their act together and solve these launcher issues (that have been plaguing users since release) i won't be doing that.
fun game but features one dimesional characters and is essentially a call of duty clone.
this game is not worth playing anymore, ranking system is ♥♥♥♥ed now, i loose one game and instant derank, weapons have been tampered with too much, smurfs are everywhere etc.sure use to be a good game, but csgo has had its face ♥♥♥♥♥ed on for 2016
♥♥♥♥ ass game all round
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ house game
this game has become a micro-transaction white fluid dumpster and has lost all its pride. it has given up trying.. don't buy this game... let it die.. it has lived too long and it is begging for death.. yearning for it.. alas , it has become a shell of its former self and is souless in direction.
thought this game was online co-op. it wasn't. also i am in the progress of refunding this game and lm gonna get 50% of what i payed for. what.goodbye $13.50 buckaroonies.
waited 3+ minutes for training still didn't load alt+f40/10
would rather play diablo or torchlight
i can't believe that the season pass just didn't live up to my expectations. out of the three dlc packs that come with this game, only the far harbor dlc campaign had a decent load of content, that's somewhat enjoyable to my perspective. however, that isn't going to stop me from recommending other people to avoid buying the season pass of fallout 4.when you look back into the downloadable content that is seen from both fallout 3 and fallout: new vegas, they actually provided a hefty load of replayability and fun factor with the dlc campagins coming from both these games. it's definately no doubt that i've enjoyed a lot with fallout 3 and fallout: new vegas in terms of the standalone games and the downloadable content.at least for me, i was able to buy the season pass of fallout 4 on its initial price of almost 30 us dollars before bethesda softworks suddenly increased the price to almost 50 us dollars for some reason which i don't get.but take it from me, if you are really going to purchase the downloadable content from fallout 4, it is wise to think ahead first if it's really worth it to consider buying fallout 4's dlc.
um bom jogo pra quem quer perder a paciencia, pra quem gosta de um jogo hardcore que nem eu, esse ta apelao d+ na metade da 3 temporada os bots parecem que tem nitro infinito e mesmo vc tendo todos os melhoramentos eles te superam para um jogo que deveria ser realistico dou uma nota 6 afinal do que adianta ter especificaçoes dos carros se elas nao mudam nada.
oh wonderful, a glitchy find an object game for 5 god damn dollars.11/10
bigger waste of money than a gym membership.
this game gets worse and worse over time.the developers constantly add new stuff, which allways breaks the previous updates and overall makes the game unplayable.lets take plasma guns, you used to be able to have +1 overteir guns, about 4-5 of them built around a weak robot. now that you can't overtier at all, the plasma guns can't do enough damage to be effective in battle at all.  tis is because of these previous "updates"1. damage nerf. (acceptable at the time)2. damage nerf & removed dynamic airm reticle. (acceptable at the time)3. damager nerf then boost4. shot nerf (prevents more than 6 guns fireing at a time (acceptable as it was the same for all guns)5. reloading nerf, more guns equal less shots per minute. (acceptable as you could over tier for extra damage)now with the no overtier rule plasma now are completly useless as.1. you can only shot 6 plasmas balls on tier, that can do maybe 4-7 blocks of damage2. if you have more guns it's pointless because they still won't shoot, but you'll lose maybe 4-5 guns from getting shot at while your plasma's reload.3. smg's just rush you maximising their time at max dps ripping you to shreads.this update made me un-install robocraft.do not bother with even testing this "free to play" game.
this game is just not ready, noone can even play all you do is lobby bounce when the ready timer hits 0.
dark souls iiian atmospheric adventure allowing you to have different 3 endings in total.as the dark souls franchise has always been punishing if you were to do something incredibly stupid.but despite on how much i liked the previous installments, i do not like this one.the main reason is the poise system, accordingly bandai namco / from software have said it is working as intended.and yet the description of said feature is not how it works.in dark souls i poise was a big part of game play, for casters and heavy builds.in dark souls ii poise was altered to a good degree to make some of the pvp a little more bearable for when a dex build vs strength.in dark souls iii however, it is a completely useless feature that has split the community into 2 fragments. people who think poise was an op feature for heavy builds, and then the people who thinks it's complete bs.heavy armor's main advantage was poise, allowing you to withstand hits without flinching, or slightly so untill you're staggered. clerics, sorcerers, pyromancers and warriors alike, were all hindered by this change to the 3rd installment.to this degree, you might as well as start off deprived and play through the entire game as is, or atleast use the master's attire because armor reduction does jack all.i'm am gravely disappointed in bandai namco and from software
if you were expecting a first person shooter it's not. this game gave me cancer
buggy as hell game ]
gunslingers itself is fun,i enjoyed it when the matchmaking system actually gave us even geared teammates and opponents (which may explain why we only won two matches) but the micro transactions are too prevalent to ignore. would i recommend this game to my friends currently, maybe depending on whether they can deal with the micro transactions, would i recommend this game if the micro transactions were removed or even balanced? absolutely. hopefully with this game being in early access, they will respond to the community’s gripes with them and remove them, because this game has potential to be good, real good. check out the full review at http://imagengames.com/gunslingers-mercs-for-sale/
its cool and the customization is great but microtranzactions have a high factor in this game seriously why add customization if it cost money. yes income is required but i hate it when mt's are in one of the main parts of the game
this game dosnt let me play you guys need to fix
i have nothing better to do with my time, so here is a review for need for speed: hot pursuit.i'm not gonna lie, but the gameplay is actually pretty decent, you play as a cop driving in your lamborghini cop car at 200 km/h smashing other cars until they get "busted", (which is an overstatement as their wreck of a car rolls over 5 times and off a cliff seems pretty much like murder to me) or as a racer, trying to avoid getting wrecked by the police or other cars and getting across the finish line.the graphics are pretty nice for a 2010 game, the cars look nicely detailed and the shadows and reflections look superb too, the only thing lacking is the anti-aliasing, which kinda ruins some details of the game. the driving in this game feels a bit weighted, and the handling feels like you are trying to steer a bathtub with wheels. the drifting is pretty bad, as tapping the handbrake sends you in a slight drift that sometimes can be hard to get out and send you into a car, or tapping too much or holding the handbrake sends your car spinning out. the driving only missions where you have to do nothing but drive your car to the finish are way too long and tedious, and you will probably spend most of your time doing these, as they take 4-5 minutes, and you have to do them anyway to unlock more missions. after you complete these missions, you may feel like you don't want to play anymore as you spent 5 minutes of your life just driving a god damn car like you would in real life (unless you drive into other cars and into walls), in a video game.speaking of missions, once you play more than an hour, you have experienced pretty much all what the game offers, except if you keep playing you just earn new cars and equipment upgrades. as of right now, i have not finished the game and i probably plan on not doing so. also another annoying feature is the rubber banding of the police and racers. you can be as far ahead as you want, but the police seem like they have quad turbos with boost installed and will always catch up to you.the crashes in this game are pretty spectacular, as the game is made by the burnout developers, criterion games and i feel like this is probably the best selling point of the game right here. if you are like me and enjoy watching cars crash in video games, then you can consider buying this game. there is nothing more satisfying than sending a car roll down the road and seeing the heap of metal stop dead, especially if the car costs more than your house.i have only played one game of multiplayer and i have probably experienced half of it. i only found one person (i am from australia) and i was convinced that he was a hacker. i played as police, and he ignored all my roadblocks and spike strips and literally passed through them like a ghost. i also think that he was using speed hacks and was pretty much untouchable as he zoomed by me. this part is probably why i am going to not recommend this game.  in the start of the game, it asks you to sign up or login into an existing ea account. me being stupid, i put in the wrong email associated to the account and it made me an entirely new account with an extremely generic name that i cannot change the name of. so every time i want to play this game, it always asks me to sign up or sign in and i cannot get around that other than putting in a fake username and password to ask if it wants to start me offline and it bugs the hell out of me. also i found out that it  forces  you to use a microphone and webcam, so they basically breach your privacy while you play. the only way around this is, is to disable them if you dont want them to be used.i alt+tab out of games alot, and for me, i found out that my fps drops significantly to about 10-20 fps if i alt+tab in any part of the game, even the unskippable intro scene (which is also annoying). i don't know if other people have these problems, but this is a heads up.overall, the game is pretty decent, good graphics for a 2010 game, one of the best crash physics, sub-par steering and handling and if you find people in multiplayer, (which i doubt) then i hope you have a better experience than mine. this game gets really stale if you play for too long, so i recommend to play it once in a while to get your racing fix. i would probably recommend this game, but shame that these problems had to occur during my playtime.i give this game 6/10
i loved this game. it was really fun with friends, i didn't even mind the microtransactions as much as other people though they are by far the worst point of the game.my problems started late 2015 when i started to realise that my hard drive was full. i do, like a lot of people, have a lot of other larger games installed so i checked them to see if that was pushing me over quota. they weren't. i then checked some of the smaller games, one of which was payday 2. it now holds the record of being the largest game that i've ever installed, and since every new microtransa- i mean, 'update' they add puts another 5gb-9gb on my disk, i decided to uninstall.the microtransactions, while i didn't find them irritating at first, now they are holding the game down. the goty edition helped, but 'helping' a problem and 'fixing' a problem are two different things. on a 75% off sale, the dlc is $33. unacceptable. don't get me wrong though, this is a fun game, and i've sunk 257 hours into messing around with mates as a result of that. but the things that turned us away from this game are the over-priced microtransactions, the high file size and repeated broken promises made by the lying developers that we used to trust and respect.
this game suck !!dont buy it
this game have a little bit , fun felt like cs:s + cod but this suck !!- p2w- crappy ♥♥♥♥ing gun- more crappy gun- unbalanced gun- no hats !!!+ can unninstall this game3 / 10 [ half-life 3 confirmed ] 
do not buy this game its is nothing more than a shadow of what could of been an amasing game.if you wanna se what it could of been go to: http://www.buildandshoot.com/serverlist_page.phpthanks jagex for ♥♥♥♥ing it up
a record number of missing features. the honest game trailer of nms is actually correct.
kinda nice but i want new free f2pand like cod
horrible game, do not purchase if you do get a refund, poor graphics, bad ui, if you want a space game based on minecraft get space engineers, player models are ... well cr*p also controls are pretty iffy and sound is horrible do not purchase sorry developer but i did not enjoy those 6 minutes of play time one bit
i dont usually do reviews, and i usually only do them if a game has either really stood out to me as being brilliant or being absolutegarbage, unfortunatley this game is the latterthere has been a massive ammount of controversy around this game but being a huge megaman fan i thought i could over look the graphic complaints, which if it where the only thing wrong with the game i would, but the game is near unplayable, perphaps its my fault, expecting a true spiritual successor to the megaman franchise and getting this, a game that forces you to kill enemies by dashing into them after doing damage from a far (why have a cannon for an arm if i have to get close to an enemy and dash threw them to kill them for points) the lack of a double jump replaced by having lots of jumps where you need to jump dash to get to (not just secrets but linear level progression platforms require dash jumps) the lack of a charge up attack for your hand canon just makes your attacks feel so underwhelming and the character overall feels weak and boring, it really feels like the creators wanted to push this wierd game mechanic of dashing and not focus on what core elements made the megaman tittles greatkudos to the developers for trying something new, but when you're pretty much making a spiritual successor to megaman atleast add in some of the things players are going to want from the previous games.
i want to punch the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs in the face.♥♥♥♥ the final boss fight and its stupid unfair shadow.♥♥♥♥ this game
no go
tentei roda-lo em pc's antigos e novos e ambos 13 fps , caso você tenha conseguido parabéns porém eu que ultilizo nvidia não consegui desde os gtx titan até gtx m :\
i bought this game with the thought that it will provide basically infinite entertainmentit got really boring after the first 10 minutes.don't get it. its not worth your money.
i feel sorry for the person who bought me this....
it takes ages to get on a server and the maps are ment for the same team to win every time and is very annoying. so overall it takes a long time to even get on the server and then its just boring and frustrating
a game that is boring and over expensive. 2/10
a game for skrubs, made by skrubs - tom pickaring
this game is fun, i give it that. however, this game will not run to a satisfactory or even slightly tolerable level if your rig is a bit higher than the recommended specs. my computer is fairly decent, not the best, but decent. it says that my computer can handle it on the specs info but it doesn't. i recieved constant freezing, crashing and choppy and generally terrible fps (with all settings down the lowest and some additional launch parameters, which was a desperate attempt by me). so if you computer is good, you're fine but please keep what i said in mind. thanks.
before i say anything i havent been playing this game on steam very much i have only really played it before it came out on steam.i would also like to thank trion for destroying my most loved mmo, and maybe even game.i have logged countless hours into this game with my friend and now they are adding too much.the thing i cant stand right now is the paid classes aspect.before i would spend hours on end to get that one extra class.now i have never put my money in to a game, and i dont plan on starting now.why trion?just why?
meu avô fumou a vida inteira. eu tinha uns 6 anos quando ouvi minha mãe dizer a ele: ''se você quiser ver seus netos se formando, você tem que parar imediatamente''. nunca tinha visto meu avô chorar antes, ele percebeu o quanto tinha a perder se continuasse a fumar. ele jogou o cigarro que estava fumando no chão e falou que nunca mais ia fumar e se esforçou muito pra cumprir essa promessa, infelizmente, três anos depois ele morreu de câncer de pulmão. foi muito triste e realmente me destruiu por dentro. a minha mãe desde então ficou me dizendo: ''nunca fume. por favor não deixe sua família passar pela mesma tristeza que seu avô nôs fez passar''. eu concordei e prometi a mim mesmo nunca fumar. aos 22 anos, mesmo após muitas tentações, nunca toquei num cigarro. devo admitir que me arrependo profundamente disso, porque este jogo me deu câncer de qualquer jeito.
>pleno século 2015>entro na steam>avisto uma sakura spirit em promoçao>nunca tinha jogado nenhum jogo desse tipo>decido comprar, uns amigos tinham me falado q a punheta é tensa nesse jogo>compro>instalo, abro o jogo, pego um papel toalha e fecho o quarto>dps de uns 30 minuto vendo desenho, digo, jogando, finalmente gozei>limpo tudo e continuo jogando>percebo q dropei 3 cartas>checo no mercado, + ou - 70 centavos cada>termino o jogo>que bosta de jogo>desinstalo>peço reembolso>1 dia dps o reembolso é aprovado>feelsgood.jpg>percebo q o jogo me pagou pra bater punheta pra ele>feelsbad.jpg>me tornei um prostituto virtual>eu vendi o meu esperma pra satanás por r$2.14>q tipo de monstro eu me tornei>feelsreallybad.jpg>mas eu vejo uma luz >uma luz linda e gloriosa>um novo how to survive na pre venda>custando exatamente os 5.99 que me foram reembolsados>comprei how to survive third person standalone>feelsgood.jpg                                                   nota: -1/10 sem ppks explicitas
crashed and glitched on my computer. the settings didint allow for enough change to make it work on my pc.
not the worst game. lots of hackers but the gameplay is fun and good graphics! pay 2 win, not been updated for years and crappy customer service. do not reccommend
왜 한국어 지원 안 되나요?좀 원상복귀시켜 줘요 제발 ㅠㅠ
stop looking for bad reviews and buy it already!
one word trash
not going to fall for your dlc traps anymore civ, this game will not have anymore from me
fix ur ♥♥♥♥ stupid rust makers
i have not played enough of this ame to tell you if it's ♥♥♥♥ or not. what i am here to say is not to buy the steam version. after a single play session, where i bumped the video setting to 1080, i can no longer open up the game because it is telling me i don't have enough system memory on my video card. i have an r9 380 which can run the witcher 3 at 50 fps on average at low - medium setting at 1080. enough said.this is not just a problem i have expirienced as many others on the forums and others sites expirienced this as well with no fix by valve.go support (censored by valve) because they actually put effort into making modern computers be able to run old games.note: comment not censored by valve i'm taking the ♥♥♥♥.
♥♥♥♥ing cancerous multiplayer game is pretty good but mutiplayer is unplayable i would also like to see bearing that go up and down please mutiplayer is cancer cannot move ♥♥♥♥ing fix it
stuck in a door never playing it again
great procrastination game. ruined my schooling. 5 starsedit:i put up with the moster pay-to-win players my being friendly but after being wiped out 5 times or 4 different worlds i will have to not recommend it. on world 7 i played passively but was in a house for the protection but still managed to getted wiped out by another play, most likely a pay-to-win player. pretyy much if you want to do good in this game you have to spend money, lots of money.
i start by saying how good this game is. there are so many things you can do and so much fun to be had, but, there are so many hackers! and most guns and equipment have to be bought with real money. i used to like this game but it has become bad now :/
i cant recommend this game because from the day i purchased it there are no servers available meaning its only online gameplay. what a waste hope it will help that people considering to purchase this game can avoid it.
i wanted to like the game, but then i couldn't play it. ._.
es una pija
was kind of boring after a whilesame ♥♥♥♥ but idknot really worth 20 dollars
the only good thing about this game is the uninstall button 0.1/10
skam
this game is boring and badly made.
this game is good and all but the saves dont work and after shutting down my computer the game keeps saying need to be online but i am online :(
foe new playersthe most farming ♥♥♥♥ game ever. farm for life as new content is released every so often that you want it (also for rank system). if you have money you can buy ♥♥♥♥ right out otherwise good luck farming for life. game has so many bugs that when you report it , you either never get a reply from support or if you get lucky to get a reply back you will be told its a client issue, nothing else.
doesn't even start up :p . do not buy :(
naverdade eu achei um jogo mt bow so q depois  ele atululizou para 1.55 e meu jogo buga e nao entra mais parei de jogar
this game lacks any fun. only a handful of servers show up and they all seem to lag you out. it has good intentions but there need to be more models as there are only 3 house models on the game and it gets boring running through the same house all the time. when you get a gun, yeah sweet you've got a gun now time to spend forever finding ammo for it and spend even longer looking for a back pack to carry a decent amount of ammo... overall rating 1/10. terrible game.
its not free you only get to hunt elk, we need to take this off of steam or list it as a buy-to-play game.
fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam service hi-rez
the compatability is strict to directx11 so anyone who doesnt have a high end computer wont be able to properly play this game or even survive the 1 frame per second.
i brought the game few days ago and the game doesnt work. no servers are being found no official servers no community servers no modded servers. what a waste of $20 that was when i cant play the game and only make it to the menu. and better yet after 20-30 seconds being in the menu the game client stops working and doesnt respond. this game is a joke dont buy it.
free to win my ♥♥♥!
spawned in, found an axe, killed some pleb, got killed by a hacker, gg.
to bloody confusing using videos to teach players...why not have one in the game played it for a bit its ♥♥♥♥ for a f2p game i don't recommand this game for right now untill they get there arses of there seats and put a tutorial in game.
>implying video games are fun
0/1 combat is trash too laggy
needs mutiplayer
piece of crap
deveriam colocar mais opções para diminuir os graficos, achei o jogo em si legal  
players ruin this game
this game has way too many bugs that need fixing. sometimes you can't even start a match. there are better mmo's out there than this.
crimefest day 1 wow. this game was one of my favorites now i am just disapointed
i do not recommend this game to anybody its very old and outdated it jumps you into the game as a new player you get very confused raw mechanics are very dated
when ive loged out of the game it says im still in the game its a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game i havnt even goten into it an im thinking to my self it will be crap when i started it for the first time the servers were ♥♥♥♥ing down and i had to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay ♥♥♥♥ account lets just hope i rethink this ♥♥♥♥
my review is helpful
i'm being serious right now. this is probably one of the most boring diablo clones i've ever played. i couldn't bring myself to get very far. do not recommend.
unfortunately, the biggest flaw of this game is the one it touts in the opening paragraph; procedural dungeon delving. for those kiddies at home new to roguelikes, it means randomised within programmed constraints.now, the enviornments look great (despite being skinned similar) when you're fighting your way through it, it feels cool. but the nature of procedural generation is that the clever placement of enemies is impossible in a game like this. i'm going to resort to the "dark souls comparison" thing here, dark souls enemies are placed in a genius fashion; they make you take risks and assess your situation. this game just feels like someone had a big box of vikings, giant spiders and robots and went "woops i dropped them all over my maze, eh, some adventurer will clean them up". you'll never feel like the enemies are using the environment against you, you'll never look at a group of enemies and think of a way to get past them. the way to get past them is always the same; run at them and mash attack til they die (optional: heal afterwards, but you are invincible anyway (more on that below!))even in a game like destiny, you're forced to think about what enemy you're fighting, and adjust your tactic. but in necropolis the tactic for every type of enemy is exactly the same; hit a bunch, dodge to the side, or special attack in groups. there is both not enough enemy types and very little change in how you fight them. even when there's vikings, wizards, robots, and skeletons all at once, all you do is hit them til they fall down. the only time they ever change is by health amount (to pretty ridiculous levels of grindy health) and minor reskins. oh yeah, enemies also never ever block or stop you from attacking, so go nuts.it also bugs me to no end that one of the only things you use currency, which is gems, for in this game is to level up (aka, get more health), but by level 6 (of 9) you are already max level. so what do you spend the rest of your gems on? you don't. you can buy crafting recipes or potions and that's it. you will very soon have 8,000 gems in one playthrough that you literally can't do anything with.for a game with 'difficult' on the tags, i expected this to take more than 3 tries playing solo (in my second try, the game just never gave me an armour drop 'just cuz', so i lost). you have infinite healing items because you can just craft meat to eat, i had somewhere around 50 pieces of meat i could use to craft more healing at the end of the game. and for a game with 'rogue-like' in the title, i expected there to be more randomized rpg elements. there are four tiers of items; the higher the tier, the better the item, no exceptions. the fact that there's so many armour types, but only 4 actual armour classes wastes the potential of all the different sets they hand out. why not a passive for each armour set? why, because of the obvious reason; you wouldn't be able to figure out what the passive does without reading the wiki because of the "i'm a smartass" goofy text that makes almost every item wholly confusing. i get it; the weapons and armour have been kept intentionally simple so you don't sit reading inventory screens for years, but the lack of item variety also effects my willingness to replay it again.the most insulting part about calling it a roguelike is that you are practically invincible! you get a resurrection potion. yes. a potion where you can keep going when you died. oh i'm sorry, did i say a potion, i meant the ability to craft infinite resurrection potions. which, again, would be less of a big deal if you didn't have infinite crafting ingredients on you at all times because every enemy spews out craft confetti so you'll never be short on anything but inventory space.i sound a bit salty, because i am. i was really looking forward to this, it had a lot of potential. do i ever think i'll play it again? no, probably not, unless all my buddies end up with it in a humble or something. for $30, you're half way to the 40 hour long dark souls 3, not to mention all the other roguelikes that you can get for half that price, which offer a lot more content. sorry guys; it was a good attempt but fell short of what it could've been.
great game with a great concept, if was made by anybody else but uber. the game is terribly optimized and everything is streamed from there servers, and that's ok if you have a monster pc and live in a country with good internet speed (not australia like myself) . if you have these requirements then buy away. the game is great, balanced fun to play, and amazing with the awesome destuctive units
the game is ok with friends, story is mediocre and voice acting is sub-par, i wouldn't advise solo play as it get difficult to defeat enemies.so if you're thinking about buying the game, buy just ep 1 and test it for yourself/friends
this game is crap there is little point to do anything in it ,its just a stupid game ! it would be so nice to buy a game that wasnt so buggy all the time
starforge is a game with big ambitions but offers little fun whatsoever. it is true that people buying star forge should consider the fact it is in alpha but that being said, the game itself is barely in a playable state. the world's are dull and lifeless, lacking any sort of explorability past the opening area despite the game advertising "procedural voxel terrain". the game is set on the premise of a survival game in which enemies come in waves. this sounds pretty standard in theory and seems like an easy basis for a game but starforge manages to get it all wrong. the waves are slow and tedious, the enemies lack variety and any sort of intelligent a.i and the weapons are dreadful. i have never played a game with gun mechanics as bad as starforge, they're just dreadful.the enemies have basic animations which don't show when it is actually in a state of death so you are often left shooting the enemy for prolonged periods of time as the fact is, the enemies animations don't show life even when it should be living. you control horrendously in starforge. moving, one of the simplest of tasks, is made hard by sluggish movement and bad mouse control. the saturation of motion blur is almost sickening and the lack of any choice to turn it off just makes it even worst. starforge however does one thing interesting with the movement which is in the form of ragdoll-esque falling. it can provide some laughs as you fly into objects and spaz the hell out when falling but is anything but a good gameplay feature and more of a humerous addition. the games building is a clunky system which like most of the games systems works great in theory but fails to pratically work.  the simple idea of cube-based building is ruined by the games approach to the building system as well as a lack of world modification which seems like something the game needed from the start. starforge makes a lot of promises and doesn't deliver on any of them to the point where writing this review felt more like a winge as i could not think of one thing i liked about the game. one can only hope that in future updates the game gains some sort of solidity but the fact of the matter is that starforge isn't playable by any stretch of the imagination and a lot of work will need to be put in to give it's buyers a reason to enjoy it.
not worth the downloaddoesnt even run
this game should be used as a punishment to children!!!
this game is and unfinished joke and the devs straight up lied to players. sean has showed nothing but contempt for his playerbase. at the core, if this game spent another year in development it might be finished -- but now they are saying paid dlc for bases and other features? do not get this game.
the worst community i've ever encountered, bar league of legends, which of course takes the title for toxicity.if you enjoy playing competitively, then get ready to see some ♥♥♥♥.
my review will be negative until they fix all of the game's crippling performance issues.from software said that if you could play scholar, then you could play ds3 just fine. my fps in scholar was constantly 60, yet in ds3, it drops down to less than 10, depending on where i'm looking!ds3 even auto calibrated my settings to high, indicating that i should be able to run the game effectively at those settings, yet the game still suffers terribly. even when all of the settings are changed to low, the performance doesn't change! this means that there are serious problems originating from the developers, and that they must be fixed before you consider purchasing this game.stay clear for now.
besides generally ok gameplay, the game's support system is woefully slow, as seen for an issue regarding a glitch that charged me twice as much to purchase a mech, and yet i haven't heard back from their team in over 2 days.when a game's store function is coded badly enough for it to randomly charge you double for things especially when what has been doubled is real monetary cost, and the support team can't even be arsed to get back to you, then you know you've got a poor game on your hands.
absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t every game is a ♥♥♥♥ing lose you can never win 
if you want a good shooter, don't pick this game. it's not as good as it looks in the trailers. if you want a shooter game that is immersive, and worth getting, go get yourself a copy of battlefield 4.
this is a joke. vstep made this as a "side project" and never has fully unleased the potential of this simulator. their 2006 release was quite good except it was missing a few bits. in 2008 they made the next sequel. finnaly they finished patching it up and i hoped they would expand it a bit more but it was playable. now we have this "ship simulator extremes" but it's extreme failiure. why show ship enthusiasts one thing and then when you get it, it's not as amazing as the screenshots. it's quite under-developed. sure the enviroment like the water looks better-ish but the same simple an basic ship simulation is in place, there is no complexity in this simulator. some boats are missing sounds still. worste of all vstep are truly control-live of this simulator, we cannot add our own mods to it, it's vstep or no improvement. back in 2008 we were able to produce more realistic horns and radio chatter as well as lights. there is soo much more vstep could of done here but they are refusing to. if you are a true ship enthusiast, this is a blow to the head.
don't buy this game till it patched
um belo jogo pra que não tem habilidade e fica  qui nem ♥♥♥♥ atirando sem para concertesa o 1 era melhor .
when you buy a ♥♥♥♥ing game, you should excpect to be able to play it. with ac2, you are usually unable to launch the game due to the ubisoft servers being unavaible. so annoying! do not buy any game made by ubisoft!
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ ass ♥♥♥♥ing game
what the ♥♥♥♥ is this piece of ♥♥♥♥? why would you even make this game and even include zombies? holy ♥♥♥♥ing mother of god. i'm sorry but if you're playing this game you're all ♥♥♥♥ed in the ♥♥♥♥ing head. holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is just as ♥♥♥♥ as all their nexon games.
this has "mostly positive" reviewsno.
this game could be something great if the crashing issues are fixed. 8/10 games i crash
♥♥♥♥ off, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible in so many ways, first off.♥♥♥♥ the; weaboos, poofs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, rednecks, trolls, griefers, derankers, salty mother ♥♥♥♥ers who play this game.and also ♥♥♥♥ the; lag, rego, hitbox, 1 taps through smoke, tryhards and every ♥♥♥♥ who plays this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.♥♥♥♥ you gaben♥♥♥♥ you tony abbot♥♥♥♥ you julia gillard for losing the election you dumb gingered ♥♥♥♥♥, now we're stuck with tony abbot and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet.♥♥♥♥ you all.i can't have one game without lag and ♥♥♥♥ing trolls and ♥♥♥♥ing griefers and ♥♥♥♥ing hackers and ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weaboos, rednecks, gingers, asian, russian ♥♥♥♥ you all you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥s.kus imak b ayri ya kara. kol kara. ♥♥♥♥ you.
so...the devs added a missle launcher that always locks on and never lets go, i'm pretty sure thats not balanced, since i feel like the original mm just got scrapped (probs was).also, flak cannons, a good idea, but the fire rate is too high.the original research system, scrappedarmour, scrappedloot system, whypremium just to change your bloody avatarpremium to just make your bot look bettermech legs that have shields that take years to drain offhealers, no longer viablea shotgun, that 1-shots half your botf2p, into p2wdid i mention how op lock on missles are?overall, with the mm just screwed up, a newbie isnt going to get far (if they dont pay up)edit:also, ive been playing this game around when it was published in early 2015 or so, and i just came back a few weeks ago (sadly)i miss the skill required to playi miss the grind to actually get what you wanti miss a mm that worksi miss the old good currencyi will not miss the micro bots that have ion distorters on themi will not miss the stupid lock on missle launcheri will not miss the new currencyi do miss the old game, where you actually had commitment to play.now i have to quit this game due to..... where do i startgoodbye, new robocraftr.i.p, robocraft community
a deaf and blind qudriplegic runs better than this filth of a game  (with recommended system specs .-.)
can't even turn down the volume in this game besides having to deal with this aids until i was killed by foul dung
why play as the dark knight when you can play as the dark screen?
the game is very fun, but the absurd amount of bugs doesn't compensate for it. even if you get this game for free, it isn't worth playing it due to insane life monsters spawning from nowhere, deaths without any apparent reason and things like those. i also need to mention that the screen sometimes freeze and blackout even with no apparent consumption of computer resources. i understand that the gamemaker platform is a little bit hard to work with but this game shouldn't be considered finished due to these problems, so i already tried a refund request(even with 4 hours of "gameplay", or pure stress if you prefer), and even if it doesn't work, i hope someone reads this and pay attention to know that buying this game is a peril to your mental sanity. i'd just like to wish you a nice day, because some time of mine was completely wasted playing this.
i tried to play this game when i try to build my block disappears and i can't build anymore 0/10
not manny servers takes a will to join a game graphicks are ok but wold not bye agan 3/10 stars
still in alpha after 6 years. essentially an engine with no game. glad i only payed 5 bux for this. combat is pretty unique and fun but not worth buying over.
una ♥♥♥♥♥♥
เริ่มไม่ได้ (i can't play this game.)
♥♥♥♥ing game
this was a good game. at launch it was unfinished and lacked weapons that had become standard in video games, to fix this issue overkill put out dlc containing these weapons however instead of realiseing it for free people had to pay 5 dollars for things like grenades and snipers. the game has also done way to much dlc. don't get me wrong everyone likes good dlc however most of the dlc is horible and ruins the feel of the game like honestly why whould a bank robber use a bow and arrow or ninja stars?
i click find a game and it does nothing i want community servers back
don't bother with this game if you don't live in europe, or the us.no oceanic servers.net code sucks ♥♥♥.game is pay2win.
this game simply wouldn't download properly, the games update launcher detects a lot of invalid files, but it can't download the files again for some reason to fix the game.
the original gunz is much better.don't waste your time with another horribily done pay2win game.
a great concept, but sloppy execution. think of true crime new york city; you could give tickets, inspect cars, frisk people, etc. however, like true crime nyc, this game is rather broken. the world feels empty, the npcs are nearly identical aside from a few color differences in clothing, there is a lack of dialogue. in all aspects, the game can be done if you look past these things but it really needs a lot of work. the aimming is clunky, the driving is dodgy, the weather effects are ugly. there is no denything that i still enjoyed the game. however, until the game is polished up, i will not be touching this game for a while. there are many ways the player can boost, or outright manipualte the way the game is meant to be played and quickly level up. despite the bugs and exploits, you can have a fun time but the game can get really boring really fast, there's not much to do when off-duty. in conclusion, if you can look past the bugs and exploits, you will most likely like this game if you enjoy police simulators. however, if you are like me and suffer from strong ocd, the glitches will really drive you insane. if and when this game is a little bit more playable, i will indeed consider rewriting my review. great concept, fun at times, but it needs a lot of work. 6.5/10.
so many hours spent on this game, having fun with friends and working hard to unlock some awesome weaponary. now, it feels like all of that work i put into this game was for nothing. while there is still a chance for this game to redeem itself and remove the stupid microtransactions, i don't think it'll ever be the same. it truly disappoints me that the developers have turned this amazing game into "pay to win" crap. i would like to thank the developers for allowing me to have fun with friends, meet lots of new ones with this game, but now, i'm done with this game. this was such a great community, but it feels like overkill has truly ruined it and angered a lot of people, including yours truly. maybe eventually they'll see how silly this idea is and remove the microtransactions, but one can only hope. after all, we were promised from launch that we wouldn't have to deal with microtransactions. this is truly a disappointment, and i'm sorry to anyone else who feels this way. i feel your pain.original game: 9/10.now: 4/10.
not worth $70, wait for price drop. the single player is a fun experience with no real problems, so read on. okay, so you are wondering if gta online would be a fun experience... well it is, if you can actually make it into a server without the game putting you in singleplayer for no reason... my favourite is when you connect to a server but the rockstar cloud services screw up and you can't save any progress :^( what's the point of waiting for those incredibly long loading screens for something that is just stuffed?...you run out of stuff to do eventually heists become a chore or (mostly) unplayable if you don't have friends there, races and stuff are always won by sweaty plebs that do nothing but learn each race track all day and to top it all off, hackers can hack with ease and with little indication of slowing down... yes, they remove your guns, can't be killed, spawn npcs and other objects and also have the ability to blow up everyone on the server at once, thus making the freeroam experience broken as hell.do not buy this game until a price drop even if bonus gta online cash is offered... you can always buy cash cards later (or better yet just play the game...)the fact that we waited for a pc release this long and the game has just been broken after a recent patch (not the first time) is sad... i hardly play this game anymore...
they have destroyed the game for me my game cant even run anymore. calm downwith the update it took me an hour to join a sever and ♥♥♥♥ing crash ♥♥♥♥ this game!
used to be an absolutely amazing game on the 360. magnitudal piece of trash here though; the appalling tyranny of games for windows live knows no bounds. ruining game after game even years after their release.
unplayable for australians. you teleport everywhere and when you do get so lucky to get a kill good luck going anywhere else with the camera zoomed in way to close. i hate thirdpersonshooters anyway but come on. at least have the camera aat a distance so you can see what your shooting or see what your slashing. maybe the player is half way transparent while shooting. until then nope  no buy!
isis combat training simulator 2015.ign- it's like minecraft had a baby with some 2d shooter! 420/10
massive potential, awesome story, great fun and highly addictive but just when you think you're starting to win, you open the game to find your save file has evaporated.  this happens once, you think oh well try again.  after the tenth time you finally get jack of the game and move on.if developers are going to create a game with perma-death, the golden rule is the only person who can kill the character is the player and their choices. not glitches and bugs.sorry but i'm moving on.
i had very high hopes for this game back in 2014 but now... it's a pay to win.the game was good when it was just basic and fun now there's so much things that are added and is confusing.
fabulous game, absolutely fabulumore
okay game i guesss
♥♥♥♥ game
i used to love this game but now it feels like one of thos crappy games put together by two guys thinking hey we should make a game.this game was amazing and i put alot of hours in it.now the game has really no content and is easy to get to level 100, oh and also the new patch has killed my game and i now cant play
remember when one of the studio leads at tw said in a statement that call of duty ruined a generation of gamers and followed that by making a game years later and deciding to put microtransactions in an unfinished early access title?pepperidge farm remembers.you'd think they would have learnt from overkills mistakes on that last bit there.
i swear to god this game is bains side project to pay for his bad one liners and internet connection...i mean... it'd explain the f***ing 37 dlcs (not a joke).i'm done with this. i'm going back to pd1...
this game was very boring after 3 hours it is the same there is no why to play with friends aswell im disappointed in this game.
it's like pokemon if it only had grass and sometimes the normal grass enemies had more health and special abilities, and after the 4th area you have seen everything, until you find the special arenas which take tons of people to do, and are hard to find and you have to make keys which take doing almost hundreds of the same repetetive dungeons you've been doing since the start. after that you need to get to max level (level 20) plus upgrade items to do a area that is a little different than what you've already been doing in the regular area. by the time you are level 15 the game gets extremely grindy, with two terrible ways of leveling, one is going to a area that you can barely beat enemies at or go to a easy area where get barely any xp. both of these strategies still take way too long to keep the game interesting. after you do that you have to start grinding for tons of a really rare item to actually upgrade your weapons so you can be a higher level to be able to get to the uber 6 world (which takes being level 36+), by then you have most likely already seen all there is to see, other than mounts and pets which won't help the game be less repetetive.
trash, in my opinion :)
a massive disappointment, i managed to play this in my old computer and nearly got till the endnow in my better faster computer, it does nothing but crash and/or freeze
เกมกากอย่าเล่น แค่ฟันมันยังไม่ได้เลย
i use to think that cs:go is the best game on the planet until they released this revolver which is ruining the game. deagle used to be skill based and now this revolver is not really skill based gun. i hope that valve nerf this gun to make it fair for everyone.
why...
as far as hd remakes go this is a little lacking, no expansion content make it a bit of a let down.i would reccommend teh gog version over this one unfortunately.the new textures are nice though.
very misleading from the initial gameplay, dissapointing and not worth the buy
pile of ♥♥♥♥ game
multiplayer is very good, if only half-life wasn't a failed abortion that everyone praises in their nostalgia goggles, that are so firmly wedged into their fat ♥♥♥♥ face, they can't see this game for the wank stain of technology it is.
while there is something to this free-to-play card game, some unique takes on the genre i don't feel it can stand up to the other giants in the ccg arena. not to mention, this is a shoddy port of an ipad game (frequently asks you to press the ipad during the game). the story is boring high fantasy garbage with no real substance besides collect the cards. so if all you care about is collecting cards and wastin-err spending money to get them, this is probably right up your alley.
hello, ihazmagics here and i wanted to talk about a recent game added to steam. pro gamer manager. wherein you take the control of a pro gamer wannabe with grand aspirations. what i’m going to talk about is a few reasons you should buy the game, and a few reasons you probably shouldn’t. please note, i don’t have an affiliation with the developer millenway studios, this is all from personal experience from game time i’ve had after release which, as of recording is about a day. there may be some words, or terminology that require understanding of moba’s in general, if you don’t have that understanding please, ask me to clarify, and i’d be happy to do so.so first off, the game is reminiscent for those that have played a game dev type game. it’s $9.74 usd currently. the first mark i’d put against the game is there’s not really a steam community as of yet. this isn’t a massive mark against the game as it could grow with time and be something that gets larger. however, there’s a very distinct lack of presence from the development team in the steam forums. that’s something i’d like to see change.ok, the premise of the game. i personally play a lot of league, but this game will appeal to you regardless of moba, although it’s very clearly marketed towards league players. you start as a casual player and seem to gain fans very quickly, while i accept this is intended, it does feel somewhat strange. personal preference. moving on. minor add, lots of spelling mistakes, but it’s a foreign company, so i’d take that with a grain of salt.the first bug i encountered, is the incredibly lackluster menu. the tablet system that explains parts of the game (does it?) and gives you random announcements seems like an ill thought of overlay that doesn’t add anything and instead clutters the screen (which you can still access the base menu while in).eventually, you’ll come to researching comfort picks. which is nice. however, if you research the same champion again, instead of adding extra points into understanding an existing comfort pick, it simply creates another entry for the same champion. on top of that, not only does it create a fresh champion, it doesn’t have the same level of played experience. which is supremely disappointing.another bug i’ve encountered is also to do with comfort picks. once you pick your 6th champion as a comfort pick. selecting them in any game since, will have you selecting your 5th comfort pick. to experiment, i selected a 7th comfort pick champ, and it still picked the 5th.the options menu is completely barren, by which i mean it doesn’t exist. want to mute your game? sorry pal, not gonna happen. you have a very sub standard amount of options when you open the game (restricted to what resolution, whether it’s windowed or not, and what monitor it’s displayed on).after playing more and creating a random e-sports league you lose a lot of your individual identity. so i feel it should be clear whether you’re creating a team to be a part of, or creating a team to be the coach of.basically, after playing the game, i don’t feel as if i have any agency, or any control over my pro gamer path. i’m just doing things, as i see them and if i have enough research then yep, i’m gonna do that. however, the effects of said research aren’t apparent beyond showing up in a profile and certainly aren’t explained through any tutorial.which leads me to the last thing. a tutorial… where is it? this game expects you to understand what’s going on straight from the get go, and if you don’t…. well it doesn’t actually matter because you’ll still get fans anyway. any of the choices in game don’t seem to have any impact long term, where they really should.as it stands right now, if what i’ve said interests you enough to support the dev team, please do so. if however, what i’ve said has made you consider where you spend your money, i think you are making a smart choice, and when the dev’s decide to make the game both a) true to the experience and b) work, then it will be a good game.
i hired a pirate that then did nothing. 10/10 great money sink.
this game is money laundering scheme it's so horrible.come on make all dlc free!
seriously...you need to pay money to be able to use more than 3 colours on your robot...just...why...
daylight robbery *ba-dum-tish*
don't
bg
this game is a great game.... let me rephrase that. this game was a great game, wonder why, i'll tell you why.first off, being honest, i used to absoluteley love playing this game even before it was on steam, the matches were fun, balanced, friendly and all out great, even though the 'robot' building was a bit tough, i liked it, as it gave me challenge to buid something cool but allow me to learn from what works and what doesn't, but then, it was introduced to steam.first up, what i though when i saw it first arrive on steam i was like "oh, awesome it's on steam now, now i can play with my friends.." it was good for quite a while, but then they started updating alot more, at first it was pretty good with the addition of armoured blocks and electroplates amongst other things, but, then the later updates happened, they are what annoyed me.from what i saw with those later updates were, new blocks and some new game mechanics and matchmaking, some were alright but others were absoluteley horrible ideas to even get to the development without asking the community what they wanted, as if it's freejam's way of saying "we don't give a damn about what the community wants added, we just want more money" and this kind of behavior really annoyed me, as for one thing they changed, they removed the armoured blocks, for what, ♥♥♥♥ing colours that you need premium for more than 4 types, or was it the fact they wanted to attempt to 'balance' the entire battle challenge of the game. they also removed the pilot seat, like, that's what defined the shape of your robot and how you designed it, as they likely would've though it being to easy to be killed, they removed it.not only did they add new mechanics that heavily unbalanced the battles by having a 10sec no-hit repair time delay that allows anyone to fully repair their bot if they stay untouched for 10 seconds, but they changed the entire 'tech-tree' so many ♥♥♥♥ing times, it can't even be called a tech tree anymore it's more of a damn 'tech-spiral' now while it used to be you had to earn points to select what you wanted to unlock instead of leveling up to get each item consecutively like they've done now, and the fact that they've set it with each conescutive item tier, the price is drastically increased, so most people will get premium to spend real money for ir, i understand that, they need money to keep it being developed but honestly +500% in-game credit price increase for one tier higher in which, most people can't be bothered mustering enough in-game credits to buy alot of those as that's what most people do.worst part is, with the addition of the 'robot factory' which is just a market where people can sell people thier robots so new players that get what they want will just purchase a high tier bot and use that, which makes the game's already unbalanced rank matching, even worse.to end this review rant, if i made a review of this game before it was on steam and i would say that you should get and you should play it but i'm not, instead i'm saying that you should not play it if you are unable to spend real money for this game as it basically a money making machine for the company. and here's a message for the devs and freejam, chnage what you have done to this game, listen to the community, don't just look at a few people saying that they don't like something or they would rather something, listen to the people that actually care, that actually want this game to be fun and something that they can play and actually enjoy playing it,instead of being annoyed by the tryhards with bought robots.
no es nada lo de su antecesor deus ex:human revolution,es complicado entender la historia y que relacion tiene con el juego antes mencionado(al parecer es otra precuela)el combate es muy malo y falso,los movimientos igual,no se puede apuntar,la inteligencia artificial es muy baja y facil,las actualizaciones nunca llegan,el unico lado positivo de esto es que me dieron un deus ex 1 gratis junto con esto
en un tiempo fue mi juego favorito,recuerdo cuando salio y lo compre,pero luego se hiso gratis y empezo a valer ...... en primera empezo a llegar gente inexperta y cancer de otros juegos y luego se volvio solo una fuente de ingresos,vendi mi cuenta anterior para recuperar la inversion cuando se hizo gratis y al volver este juego se habia convertido en una reverenda...aunque claro en el momento no me di cuenta,despues de tener un inventario de mas de 600 objetos y muchas horas perdidas ....una perdida de tiempo para mi gusto ahora,la idea es buena claro,un shooter medianamente comico y dinamico basado en clases con especialidades caracteres,nacionalidad y personalidades diferentes bastante simpaticos,pero luego tienes lo negativo,entre lo que esta: el equilibrio,esta horrible y siguen haciendo mas op algunas armas para mantener a la gente jugando;despues esta la comunidad ,los gratis sin mas que decir son un asco de 2 formas ,en primera el juego se volvio algo muy muy recontra casual al grado de tener medio equipo de nuevos cada partida y en segunda otra de nuevos que llegan a criticar como "expertos "que el juego no es realista y que la wea y blablbabla;lo otro es que al haber deficiencia de partidas hechas segun experiencia esta misma distribucion de buenos,malos y nuevos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s se convierte tambien en arena y cancer .el ultimo punto es que despues de tiempo ves que la verdad a los desarrolladores no les preocupa mucho nuestra satisfaccion ni mucho menos,solo quieren que metas dinero y no culpo ,es necesario, otros tambien,pero este esta demasiado descuidado y el dinero que entra no es para mejorar este juego en particular,es como meterle dinero a una caja de zapatos toda pateada y rota en donde las monedas se caen por agujeros a otras cajas mucho mejor cuidadas(cought...cought...csgo..cought).nada mas que decir r.i.p tf2pero bueno,tf2 es ahora un revueltijo de niños rata,nuevos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,veteranos,mas ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,traders,"pros de competitivo"(wnes que solo sirven con scout y pyro y siertas armas que si se las quitas lloran),mas ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,todo junto en 1 sola partida.
like wtf is this like weres the anamils at like ♥♥♥♥ people say dayz standalone is a walking simulator liek ♥♥♥♥ this is worse
i wish this game made the teams even andf the weaposn wernt so god dayum expensive liek its making it into a pay to win r waste all your ♥♥♥♥ing time trying to get one thing it pisses me off i liek the gameplay wen its even teams and id like it more if the guns were cheaper
it is too unstable. the gameplay is great fun and the level of customisation is a amazing, but the instability will make a grown-♥♥♥ man cry.
played for 2 minutes and closed it.steam still thinks i'm playing it. in fact, steam thinks i've still been playing it 16 hours after i closed it.it's that broken.could have bought a gumball for what i paid for this.gumball doesn't have commitment issues.
this game takes so long to go on a server you never get to play it
really stupid and always crashes
this game is ♥♥♥♥, all you do is watch a mountain grow!
i dislike the fact that this game doesn't even support mouse controls, which should be a must in this day and age, especially with games like this, where its fast paced. i tried using a controller which the game wouldn't even recognize so i couldn't even play it. at least the refund button worked.
really bad tutorial, will not recommand to friends
this game is a great concept, but i personally think it needs a better introduction teaching newbies how to play, i have attempted so many times to make a workng city but it never works. i really want to like this game but because of the reason i just stated i cant. devs, please fix this.thanks
não confiem muito em jogo com early acess , ta ai um exemplo '-'
this game could have been so much more then it was..started of well and then it basically ended, i did like the story but just not enough gameplay :(..i finished the game in 1.9hours....$10 wtf?
to many errors
for some reason now the game wont open.i validated game files and it says its good nowit froze on the loading screen but music still playedshame. i really liked this game.
fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game. it is just getting more and more buggy. for example i was playing a competitive game and the voip just randomly stops working. so i relog csgo and then it wont let me reconnect to the match as it comes up with the error, "matchmaking failed: failed to connect to match".please gaben fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game i dont want to deal with this ♥♥♥♥ anymore.
the developers should really consider upgrading to game maker pro.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay, unbalanced, almost dead multiplayer.
terrible, i wish i could have my money backall this game is is good graphics, but even then the frame rate seems incredibly low ( i have a fast computer )the combat is terrible, the animations are so basic, and the voice acting is below average, it was a step back for the gaming industry
this was a hard game to review, it had pros and consthe multiplayer didnt have much the classes were terribleit was another fpson the other handit was differenthad great featuresbut the cons wayed out the pros
i used to love this game. when i bought it before the combat update, i thought "finally a sandbox game without combat. i can build and craft to my hearts content."i haven't played it in a while and decided to see how the game mechanics were. i created a new character, knowing that i would spawn on a tier 1 world. within five minutes of exploring and harvesting materials, i was killed by a monster that dealt 700 damage with each attack! i was near the spire at the time, which i assumed would have weaker monsters surrounding it.then i had a look at what i would need for a new weapon and some armour, but i found out that the only way to craft weapons and armour was with a material that only monsters drop.i then went in search of a weaker monster, and finally found a wisp, killed it and received only one of the material. keep in mind that you need a minimum of 1000 of them.this is not a game i would reccommend to others with the new combat update.game developers,,,,,you disappoint me
gay
cancer.
tl;dr: mechanics and late-game equipment are good and well-done, early-game is incredibly difficult and the community is quite literally aids...beginning in rust is very difficult by yourself, even playing with friends is difficult. you spawn with a rock and a torch, and you have to get wood and stone to create tools like hatchets and pickaxes, then you need cloth to make a sleeping bag for a spawn point, or to get your friends into the same area as you, and hope to find that one person who's willing to lend a hand. in rust, morals don't exist. everyone will try to kill you for the stupidest of reasons. mining an ore node someone was nowhere near? guess what, you died! that guy wants that ore node for himself and he's not gonna let you and your naked body take it!but let's assume you got past all that, you built a base and have your materials in chests, all neat and tidy. you have an airlock for your house which is locked with armoured doors, which makes it all the more difficult for raiders to get in. you find other people who are willing to help you progress with your little game, and everything seems pretty nice. everyone is still out for your blood, even the people you trusted. you may or may not come back to find yourself dead, because disconnected players don't disappear, oh no, your character goes to sleep, leaving you out in the open for someone to just walk by, somehow get into your house and then take everything you own. death is inevitable, like in all games, but it happens way too often here. the wolves and bears don't kill you, people do. people who have no liking for anyone else, and don't care how recently they spawned. people who are going to claim to be friendly, then blast your face full of bullets. people who just want to annoy the everliving crap out of you, just because they can.if you're into the community more than the game mechanics (doubtful) then this is something to steer well clear of. if you're into mechanics and willing to lose your soul/morals to the game, go right ahead. it's not my $20 anyway...
gone to crap... don't waste your money...
this is a ♥♥♥♥ rip off of diablo
    ,
i cant launch the game gg, won't even get past "connecting to servers..."
it simply does not follow the rules. i am currently raging because i lost a game because i blocked in a very specific order only to have it switched and die!!!.i got this for practice when i can't use my irl cards, but it simply does not follow the rules. if this was fixed i would happily use it as a completely free and online alternative.
j'ai vraiment passé beaucoup de temps sur ce jeu et j'ai adoré les moments passé dessus avec mes amis mais les hackeurs (énormement) ont ruiner notre bons moments et à cause de cela certain de mes amis ont décider d'arrêter d'y jouer... depuis les développeurs ont décider d'arrêter de travailler sur l'ancien rust et d'en créer un nouveau qui est selon moi , totalement ratée. le nouveau rust n'est pas encore complet et terminé. de plus il est très mal optimiser j'ai énormement du mal à jouer dessus comparé à l'ancien. j'ai l'impression que les choses avancent très lentement sur le nouveau rust à croire qu'ils sont 2 à travailler dessus... donc pour ce qui souhaite acheter ce jeu , je pense qu'il est trop tard et  je vous le déconseille...
it isn't a horrible game, but sincerely if it wasn't in promotion i wuldn't buy it, and i do not recommend you to buy it if it isn't.
just... bad.
no momento ta injogavel nao ten nada de sobrevivencia nesse jogo ta um lixo os cara crafita um arco em vem loco pra matar o vai no soco mesmo nem tao proucupados e achar items ta um lixo no momento nao vale a pena se melhorar mudo a analise senao boto mais defeitos !
i hate it it wont even start now for me give me a refund
i use to play this game alot but now it is filled with bugs and character movement fills sloppy.i remeber this game when $30-50 dollars could get you the best sniper, a tiger1 and the best medium tank at the time the pz4.one big issue i have with this game is audio, there are so many bugs with audio, in games i dont get any audio at all tried this on two headsets my razor krakon and my older gamescom headset and it just doesnt work.also a really big issue is the cost to play, to get up any line now you need to spend atleast $100+, it just seems recently they have become very money hungry since to get a tiger or a panzer you have to play atleast 100+ hours on that line or spend ridiculous amounts of money since now you have to pay for all the ribbons before the item you want to get and then have to pay for the ingame item as well!!!also (there are lots of other also which i am not going into detail) now they have made playing solo and with friends horrible ingame you cant switch from a f***ing tank crew to a recon this is bs, and if i want to play with my friend who didnt buy anything when this game turned ♥♥♥♥, well guess what i am stuck with my lmg crew. what the developers have done is take a huge s**t on this game and made you pay for ithope this review helpsfrom jukia ninjadont waste your time with this game
♥♥♥♥
to laggy 15 fps at maxboring gameplay(in my opinion)
its funny i dont recall agreeing to purchase uplay... i thought i bought chilf of light.. apparently my money isnt good enough to play child of lightthats the last time i do that
this game is the reason they will have to come up with a new name for early access in a couple years so we, the consumer, will stuipidly continue to pay for games in advance. ...so at least it has that going for it.
this game apparently has a charm that is lost on me.i didn't like the art stylei appreciated the combat/challenge aspect but i found it quickly became repetative.the story telling seemed good but the writers sense of humor wasnt for me.unfortunatly after about an hour or so of play i didnt want to play any morewell priced though
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥
as stated by many people: "a mile wide and an inch deep". nothing could possibly describe this game better.in addition to the dev's constant lies about the games content and misrepresenting it's features, what's left is an incredibly boring slog through the same 5 planets over and over again, all already discovered by a bunch of idiot aliens who do nothing.this continues until you reach the crappiest ending this side of mass effect 3buy elite: dangerous, a game that is actually good.
honestly? not scary. for the grand finale of a series literaly named f.e.a.r., that's a pretty major issue.this is why you don't make your horror games multiplayer.
the community is ♥♥♥♥. its difficult to set up a server. but other than that the game play is fine.i'll give it a rating of 4 out of 10 potatoes
terrible port over from mobile platform.i already purchased this game on mobile but i expected it would have be customised and better on pc, especially seeing its an fps. i thought wrong. graphics arent flash. pretty much exactly same as on the cell phone, but looks worse seeing as it on a larger screen. i can forgive the graphics. you cant customise controls. there are alot of clipping errors. the cover system will drive you insane. should be just like hr but theyve tried to tweek it and its failed. in game purchases is always something i hate, especially when its already $10 for a 5 hour game. thats enough of my money for time satisfaction thank you. sound effects dont always work how they should. gun battles should be fun but they are not. it doesnt seem to detect which parts of the body you hit properly if it even has a body part hit system (it should because they had them back in early 90's on n64) i did like the story. its a good story as a prequil to hr. and theres side missions which are fun.my honest oppinion is get it on android device. the controls arent perfect but for the introductory price of 99c at the momment, cant go wrong. avoid his pc port unless they completely overhall it. thanks for reading :)
dont buyunless you have a masive ♥♥♥ computer. its jack
umm no. seriously! im an aao2 gamer for years and classic aao2 is still the best.
im a veteran cs gamer since classic cs 1.4. i hated many gameplay decisions since 1.6 including the dreaded steam requirement(2003), tactical shield(1.6), not being able to remove the silencer instantly with weapon swapping, and recently, the one i regard the worst decision ever; the removal of the mp5 and spray tag(cs go). players are now left with t-bagging corpses.the current players are riddled with hackers here and there and mostly play on the competitive matches. these players have hacks which include wall hacks, aimbots, no-flash/smoke, etc...hackers never get vote kicked because they are mostly carrying their team while typical non-hacking kids get instant vote kicks as soon as they push their mic button.counterstrike is around 15 years old as of this review and valve have not locked down the hacking problem compared to many many other shooters. there are only 2 hackless places that exist; tournaments and internet cafes that actively sue walk-in hackers.-----------on the other hand, cs gameplay have not changed and remain smooth and swift, spotting have grown more difficult as player textures blend better within terrain textures since cs source. the inclusion of party search let you find games with friends but the classic auto balance fail on normal matches as parties of 3 or more get split over the two teams. the workshop is a great addition for instant map download and gaming but steam accessibility and quality have always been sub par. its like comparing facebook and google plus; one is obviously designed by penguins but everyone is on it, while the other has class and quality but nobody uses it.- all in all, cs:go is worth the nostalgic visit. but if you plan to stay, buy it on a new steam account on a computer that you will never use your main account on, download those hacks, and join the competitive matches.- i would not recommend this game due to one single persistent con; the enormous amount of direct effect hacking activity.oh and if valve say that they have banned many hackers, its because they have. but also because they want you to feel that its now safe to play.
i have a good pc but still i got around 30 to 15 when on games that have the same or better graphics and would get 50 to 60 !!!!
this game is broke and it wont run and when it crashes i have to restart me computer because it freezes up my computer
be great if i could get it to launch. tried every solution online and still nothing. not amused haha. looks like ive wasted my $30.
doesnt work, purple screen everytime
no anda en w8 y un enriedo aserse una cuenta de xbox live
very goodbest game ive ever played in my lifelife changing experiance omg so good
it's good, it just doesn't work...
wow. i am really trying to finish this game, if only to find out if it is actually possible to die from boredom.this is the worst assassin's creed game to date. i've had more fun in the first five minutes of black flag or revelations than i have had in the first few hours of this game.avoid this steaming dung pile if it is your first assassin's creed game. it will ruin the franchise for you.------post finish update.well i finished it, and can say it is not possible to die of boredom.which is a good thing seeing that's what this game is in a nutshell.i even started the post game pivot points hunt, until i realised, why bother. sure it unlocks cheats, but if turned on, most of them causes your game to reset when you disable them.so i played one round of bowls with george washington then kissed the main game goodbye. (if by kiss you mean the raising of ones middle finger)*spoilers this paragraph only*the game insulted me many times but the best insult was after i chased down charles lee. connor was massivly injured, and i made my way to the frontier, as you may know, you can't run or fight at this point. however, as i'm dragging connor's broken body towards the inn a notification pops up telling me to attack a convoy! it then tells me the convoy is leaving, followed by a failure to attack said convoy notification. i laughed so hard at this, but not in a good way, in the kind of a way that said, "you, ubisoft should never be allowed to forget how bad this stink heap of a notgame your brand name is attached to, and that every person who appears in the 20+ min of credits should hand write an apology to anyone who owns a copy of this...thing."then i tried the dlc game, the tyranny of king george blah blah whatever.the most amazing thing about this dlc is that i actually had more fun in the first 15 minutes of this than the whole of the main game. sad really.this was not to last however as i saw that everyone who was noble and good in the main game was now a baddie, and the full sync requirements are even harder. luckily, the whole story is all just a piece of eden created dream. which is more than i can say for it.so, after nearly uninstalling assassin's creed 3 after the hideous mini game of breaking up the wood mill workers fight, or after being eaten by those wolves at kidd's treasure island for the hundreth time (before i used trip mines on the buggers!), or trying, trying and trying again to tackle that officer from above but never succeeding (although i did keep leaping onto his mates for some reason). instead it was here, after the main game, but only a bit into the dlc i realised i've had enough of a game that isn't actually fun. in fact, after i clicked uninstall i realised how much more fun it was doing that than 90% of assassin's creed 3. i should get an achivement for that!my verdict is, watch this as a playthrough on youtube. if you really need to.then play black flag.
look. it's a fun game, it expands on what l4d had and it expands it well. however, and this is only directed to those who are forced to have the low violence version, despite now climing out of the dark ages here in australia and now having an +18 rating for games we still have a game that has had its suitable and immersive gore cut. leaving us with a watered down zombie survival game with of all things invisible fire! buy l4d and imagine what could have been, you'll be more happy. no, don't tell me about a non cut hack especially if it doesn't work for mp.
pretty bad, didn't even play it for that long. btw game is shutting down
i patched the game but when it launches it crashes every time. pls fix
so this what happens in my match 5 timesso i was playing as a american soldier 1st match half of the enemy team has tanks and my team consist of all freshies so we got anti tank weapon and got rekt2nd match again so i give it another go3rd match won so happy and played another match4th match lots of high ranking soldier in the enemy team we got totally rekt5th match half of the team is a pilot and the other half is high ranking veteran soldierthe game is fair enough 0/10 would play again in quarter past never
do not buy.  games for windows live.... nuf said.
quem criou esse jogo...era um ser sem noção qualquer.
let me tell you what this game is in its current state...g99 simulator 2015.but seriously if you're wanting to play this wait until the log in is fixed...
instead of fixing bugs they add new animals. the biggest problem is the bugs..... btw you need a very advanced computer to play this game. very buggy zombies walk through walls and doors.
terrible game. terrible support. terrible money hungry devs - what an embarrassment of a title on steam. each and every person involved with this mess should be ashamed of themselves. avoid!!!
what could have been a refreshing bit of fun is constantly ruined by the lingering bugs from the original game. game loading & regular crashes, bugs - you name it. they're all mostly here still and it's an insult to be frank with you.don't waste your cash on this, it's not even worth the $3 it took to upgrade during that 'special' promotion.avoid
i wanted to kill my self after playing this....www.godieinahole.com
you need a super computer to run it...
-you have the same music looping forever. -unrealistic weapons with very short ammo.-ammo boxes only fills 1 weapon.-the zombies were unique, we have mini tank, dracula, harley queen and others. -10 fps. -can't see ♥♥♥♥-you can keep moving even if you are dead.-zombies can even hurt you after death.-friend gifted me this.-we are not friends anymore10/10 would never play it again.
as much as i like sonic games, this just disappoints me.-i don't feel like i'm playing a sonic game, i feel so damn slow going through the levels. why is there a run button? you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sonic, you should always be fast.-the levels feels so short, i understand that it have multiple path and everything but with the speed i'm going with sonic, even with the infinite spindash they are short.some level desing has bugs and weird placing of objects, i feel the "worlds" where made up without good level desing, it feels so much the same, same bushes, same trees.. also, why would you add 2d sections in a 3d sonic game and make it more slower than the 3d parts? i had a hard part in the desert zone 4, why would i wait for the screen to move? i have to run away from a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado that is more slower than big the cat! -the bosses... jeez why would most of the boss fights being in 2d? this is not a 2d sonic game, it felt so damn easy beating them and their fighting style wasn't even original like i felt i've been playing another 2d game rather than sonic lost worlds. -they really ♥♥♥♥ed up the rails mechanic, why cant i change rails like in sonic adventure 2, shadow the hedhehog, etc. i have to jump manually, and they feel so slow.-sonic & tails feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now and make really weird conversations in the cutscene, they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ when they discovered that they world is going to be suck up and die. what the hell? and the cutscenes between battles and story didnt make sense.yes, its a good port. it have good graphics and its easy to mess around in the settings for better resolution, etc. but i wouldn't recommend and i really was hyped while knowing it was going out for pc. this is garbage.
i do not recommend this game. sure, you can build in it. sure, you can fight in it and play minigames. but all your builds are restricted to a strict grid system, and all you can do is wander about a static world. very boring, imo. do not buy unless you want to waste your money!
pile of garbage, don't buy.
microtransactions after 2 years being an awesome company, really?
if i could give this game 0/10 stars i would, hell if i could rate this game as the worst game ever created i would. first of all, let me start off by saying that black ops 3 is a triple a title meaning that it has a huge corporate funding behind it. obviously we'd think that the game would at least be half decent with such a large budget and skilled staff behind its creation. well, no. this game feels like it had about 10 million dollars in the graphics department and maybe 10000 dollars in the bugs/glitch avoidance, gameplay, story line, and online matchmaking departments. the game is terribly optimised especially for pc and the reviews it got on every professional gaming website/magazine was 100% f***ing paid for! 9/10 on some websites? b*****it! the worst part about this game is the part that everybody wants, the damn multiplayer. now this has more issues than anything in the game. when you think about the issues with other multiplayer games you think of  things such as bad servers, ping issues, or just bad ping/lag compensation. well, this game has all of those and more! if you're looking to play a game with more than one of your friends then this is definitely not the game you're looking for. around 90% of the time you try to join someone else's lobby with more than one person already in it, it starts a s**t storm of errors for you and your friends. constant error messages saying "error lobby is full" (even if you're the only one in the lobby) and it might as well just say "error go f**k yourself". matchmaking also brings along a great new feature called "get screwed over by the same person several times in the span of 10 seconds!". now this is a fantastic little thing that cod has added to their online mode and it allows you to be spawn f***ed by the same player over and over again until you just want to alt + f4. their respawn system is so insanely broken that sometimes you just spawn in the middle of a bunch of enemies, which sounds great for some people because you can just spray them down but that's never the case. finally this online mode brings a final, new way to be screwed over by anyone you run into because well lets face it, you're **t at this game. but hey i don't blame you! when you're level 1 you're constantly being bombarded by a bunch of 4 times prestiged players who have no life or are just really damn good at the game. honestly, kudos to them for getting such a high level so quickly but at the same time screw you activision! starting players can barely start until they're around lvl 10 and get a half decent gun with some attachments and by then your kd and win/loss ratio is already f***ed beyong repair. so in conclusion, this game is probably one of the worst triple a title games you will ever purchase and whether the triple a title is worth $15 or $100 (like this one) this game is definitely not worth it in anyway. the pc optimisation is absolutely terrible with a bombshell of issues from frame lag to being unable to play the damn game until you have at least spent a solid s***ty night or two getting destroyed by fellow players.
bought this for me and my friend on sale, thought there was co op, there isnt its only splitscreen.
dlc/10
this game is great and mods make it better but the mods should be free with a donation button not a mandatory payment
was not very engaging, very easy and and content is lacking, for 6 nzd it's not worth
at the moment, the story mode lasted 40 minutes, and most of it was walking. there was 1 (maybe 2) scripted scenes. it is very barebones.
3rd most bought game, no matches found online.dead game, and basically just an arena of spray.
brilliant game, but everything in this game is in l4d2 plus more.
simply another game ruined by gfwl, a discontinued product which stayed on the games making them unplayable. well done microsoft.
psa: overkill's crimefest updates have added pay2win microtransaction weapon skins with stat boosts, that are a straight copy of cs:go/tf2/h1z1 weapon cases, down to rarity/wear/muh super rare legendary knife omg. this update also ruined weapon balance, as pistols are now the most powerful weapons, even moreso than shotguns.overkill has made poor attempts to make right their decision of copy/paste microtransaction systems by adding drills(keys) as droppable. however the droprate is ridiculously low and shares a weekly timer with the safes(crates). the crimefest updates were meant to be free for the whole community, and long ago promised they'd never put in microtransactions, but now, if you want the best possible experience of this game you have to:a. buy the gameb. buy the dlcc. play for several weeks and hope to get crates and/or drillsd. give in and buy the drills and safes to get a random weapon skin that may not even be the one you need so that you can have the full stats.if people continue to accept this kind of behaviour, it'll never stop, and become the norm. do not accept this as something that's fine to do, even if they made drills droppable. nobody knows what the droprate for them is, and it appears that having a higher infamous droprate does not in fact affect the chance for dropping safes/drills.as a result, payday 2 has become an extremely greedy game that you need to dump a lot of money into to have the full experience, and cannot be recommended.i will modify this review if these changes are ever removed or altered enough to become reasonable again.
looks beautiful, sounds good, plays awful. unchallenging and boring, not to mention buggy. also, the ui is an absolute mess.only worth it for the cards. and maybe the music, but you can get that elsewhere anyway.
-20/10 bought for multiplayer multiplaer work - change review when added multiplayer
the preset keyboard and mouse controlls are rubbish so a controller is necissary.i can't distinguish the colors to do the executions, which appears to be central to the gameplay.i have to find something else to do today. what a dissapointment.
don't trust these guys. first they screwed up with ace of spades then they made a good game block n load but ruined it by trying to get as much money out of you as they can. i paid for the full version of this game which was meant to include all heroes and now we have to pay for heroes. they changed the terms of what we have paid for once which means they are more than capable of doing it again. don't give these guys your money unless you want to pay for gold and receive coal when your back is turned.
zombie mincraft-1000000000000000000000000000000000/10
crashes everytime i join a server 10/10 crashing confirmed
i think it had a lot of potential, however the devs didnt quite make it. instead the tried to make a rainbow six siege/swat game. not to mention its a dead game, no servers, no players and no support. if its on sale for $1.00 i would pick it up, if not stay away.
got this as a gift. even though i love old games, this one just bored me. i'd only recommend it for people who feel like playing something that looks like ffvii. even then, i'd recommend just playing ffvii. btw unless you use winxp prepare to sell your soul to satan just so it can run. 10/10 would play again.
welp...back to team fortress classic then c:
i dont recommend this game. after 4 hours of downloading and 2 hours trying to join a online game.  it should not be so hard to have alittle gaming fun.  by the way, trying for a refund and still not able to join any online games.
i was wrong to buy this game, personally, it doesn't reach the expectations for reddigit's comment..character customization is terrible, there is barely one natural hair colour..confusing controls..only one "tip"..being a little too powerful from the start..all the tools and weapons look pretty much the same..the fact that you dig materials to become stronger, when you are already pretty strong..stuck on a single planet or boring-ness..boring in general.
not fun and bad controlls
not worth it.  10/10 hit boxes and some animals are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥day 1 : found the kkk he killed me because of 10/10 hitboxes and i had metal knifes and missed every shot10/1000000 not fun and sorta laggy
its fun to start with then it gets ultra boring after 2 hours and its a bit to hard
pretty ♥♥♥♥
lazy developers trying to make ez money by adding cases. the meta of the game is still there though.the whole idea of cases is stupid in my opinion.
bad graphics! bad game!
doesn't work
bring back sprays.
the game is interesting, i played around 18 hours its a great concept, upgrade your gear, your ship and explore infinite planets. but unfortanly i'm probally not going to recommend this game, reason being the game deleted my save file after 18 hours of gameplay, what a real disappointment. there was a fix around, but really come on hello games, what title out today has trouble saving your progress, and because of that i probally wont get back it to it. i had the momentum going for this game, but once it ♥♥♥♥♥ in your face you cant go back.
i brought it - and returned it - worst bug filled thing i ever "tried" tp play. not worthy of the "x" in its name.
water temple stage;game-breaking glitch stopped progress.square enix killed me.
magic only 2 shots. 0/10
terrible...
este jogo é um lixo antes de baixar nao de bola para as fotos que o jogo é bom por que nao é ele é ruin a fisica é bugadae a jogobilidade é um lixo por isso nao baixe o jogo hawken
people will have absolutely differing opinions on surgeon simulator. on one hand, it is a very quirky and somewhat cathartic game: where else are you actually *encouraged* to permanently remove a person's lungs in order to do a heart transplant --- which is a simple matter of dropping that squishy-looking red blob into the open chest of a heavily anesthesized person.on the other hand, the controls are very difficult to get used to. they are really awkward, and you may find yourself cursing because you dropped the bone saw, so you would need to improvise by using, say, a hammer to break off ribs. this difficulty is the inherent appealing factor of the game, though, and there are many people who love it. i liked playing the game but only for a very short period of time.you will like this game if you liked playing that flash game named qwop, where the horrible controls constitute the main game mechanic. in my opinion though, i would not recommend buying this game unless you are already absolutely certain you will enjoy this. i only had a minimal level of enjoyment because the novelty factor ran out for me fairly quickly, and soon became frustrated. i actually thought i would enjoy it a lot, because gameplay videos looked very fun, but fiddling around with the "simple" controls became a most arduous task, and ain't nobody got time for that!
unusable. not worth your time. it's a waste of space on your hard drive. do not get this. get garry's mod, it's better than this cancer.
why do people like this?it's ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. would've been fun in the early 1990's.
if you want to play a borderlands game buy 1 or 2 dont waste money on this
jogo mal feito para a plataforma pc! não possuí um boost para melhor performance, servidores de má qualidade, ainda dublagem e interface não estão traduzidas.não recomendo a compra para jogar o multiplayer, caso queira comprar para campanha você terá uma pequena vida útil em cima do jogo, pois mesmo com uma boa história uma hora ela vai acabar, e você não terá utilidade com o jogo.nota final: 7,5
o que dizer sobre um jogo que........... ''not responding'' ''disconected from server'' -715/8000
o jogo é bom porem -não da pra comer a mulher do michael com o michael (milf)-nao da pra comer a filha do michael com o franklin (covardia por tamanho?)(interracial)-online com hackers -carregando-bans por mod -as dlcs só chegam pro online e após zerar a campanha fica sem nada pra fazer (a nova dlc do moto historia é paga então não conta)agora vou resumir os bugs com um mene que viaje eh essa véi coisas boas divertido 10/10 recomendo
o jogo possui gráficos bonitos, mas poucas opções. existem diversas pistas porém todas as "corridas" são baseadas em tempo. isso reduz as opções do jogador e faz o game ficar cansativo...
is gud
two years ago? yes, probably my favourite game of all time.now? it upsets me how much of a failure this game has became.its free to play so download and try for yourself, but do not put any money into this game. you will regret it sooner or later.
its poopy and ♥♥♥♥ and everything u touch kills u doesnt make sense
this game is highly unbalanced in favour of the hunters. your starting monster is the goliath, god forbid you have to use this thing. with the ability for them to track you anywhere on the map, it's almost impossible to actually gather food and enter stage 2 or 3 without being instatly trapped and losing half your health. at stage 1 you're going to die and you can't fight back. unless the hunters are somehow incompetant and don't use the planet tracker then you'll magically make it to stage 2. otherwise, you're ♥♥♥♥ed as a beginner. no perks, no other monsters.
rng with nice music and (depending on your point of view) potentially nice graphics. the gameplay may be found fun by some people but the idea of kiting bullet sponges for a few minutes really, really doesn't appeal to me.
stories in video games aren't fun if they're told through really long, irritating scripted events. just let me read what's happening or give me control over my character. i came to play a game not take my hands off the keyboard and mouse because it's 'story time'.
newgrounds
i didn't get my monies worth
when my anti-virus program detects this as a virus worries me
i want to die :)))))
no no nippon stop dont play this game
poo dong dingus
ark is a really fun game that needs to come out for console because i have a mac with like 4gb left so when this game gets higher i have to delete it its really sad. needs to come out on console
my problem with this game are the enemies.1.the walking shin guards can't be hurt with a ♥♥♥♥ing mining laser (mind you the mining laser can break rocks with relative ease.)2.the flying ♥♥♥♥s are just there to make you rip your ♥♥♥♥ off3.the parasites are just there to make the medic relevant4.the tiny aliens have the worst ♥♥♥♥ing hitbox5.fire dosen't even go through the walking shin guards either♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ i'm out.
this game sucks
played the game.kept dying by one-hit ak-47's from a mile away.switched to ak next match.could barely hit anything, even when firing in bursts.got knifed.threw my mouse.quit.best "how the ♥♥♥♥ did i die?!" simulator.
its annoying when you get sniped by muskets across the map
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ of competitive matchesthis ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ find games that my team has ♥♥♥♥ing 20 hours of game, and i have 700, ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥, never got one good team on this ♥♥♥♥ing freaking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
it makes me sad
game is so broken it broke me
i got cooldown for kicking ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playerwtf walve i am kicked for 24 ♥♥♥♥ing hours love the game but ♥♥♥♥ing hell are you serious
multiplayer doesnt work this sux
i rather throw 50 dollers down the drain then let these lazy, money grabbing developers have it. this is the most expensive and worst game in my library. it has sh*ty ai, the combat is horrible. all of the statues eh i mean zombies are always in a line facing behind you so you just stealthy kill them all... you might have 3 or 4 "zombies" that you actully have to fight which is just light attack x2 heavy attack x1. the graphics are fu*king horrible (at full settings). do not be fooled by the name it is a fu*king horrible game
the division is like eating the same food every day. at first it's the best but in time it gets repetitive and bland, but then your friends come and eat with you and it's yummy again only if your friends eat with you.
♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft. exclusive yea this is very exclusive. i am never pre ordering ♥♥♥♥ from you again
i bought this game thinking i would watch dogs, where are the dogs!?!?!
give buyers a chance to refund!!!
change the ♥♥♥♥ing teleporting orc so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying they knock me then the tele than they kill me. piece of ♥♥♥♥ game
dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ sever this game for found player
it bad game for me lag and bad gameplay for this price !!
as much as i would like to recommend this great title to you folks to show your appreciation to the efforts of the developers, i cannot do so at the moment. for me, the game appears to be plagued with some awful game-breaking bugs involving the npcs. it appears whenever you exit the game and load up one of your saves after opening it again, the ai of characters such as vortigaunts and marines seems to stop functioning. i don't need to elaborate how much this ruins the experience.as for the multiplayer, pretty much nobody really plays it at the moment. this is especially for australian gamers like me. i do like the new character customiser, however.but as for that legendary singleplayer experience that everybody's been raving about, you might just want to stick with the free version for now until either xen comes out or maybe a few more updates to the steam version.
um simulador de ladrão , historia fraca e sem sentido , sem contar os inumeros bugs , não recomendo .
se fosse para definir esse jogo em uma palavra seria : loading . o jogo demora ridiculamente muito tempo no loading , vi varias pessoas falando isso , de começo achei que fosse exagero , mas para você ter ideia , nem cheguei a entrar no jogo , criei o personagem , cliquei em jogar e ficou no loading por uns 10 minutos , não aguente esperar e fechei . resultado : não recomendo , a não ser se você tem fetiche pela tela de loading .
♥♥♥♥ this game
the game is dead,the updates fled,and this is quit unamusing,(+it doesnt let me change the resolution of the fricking game!)
to me, its sorta boring as.run and shoot and die.yay, this is fun.(not much in this game)sorry...
casual mode is literally a lite version of matchmaking and matchmaking is full of abandoners, hackers and locked settings (viewmodel_fov 54 lmao). guess tf2center won't die afterall.
i have had this game for about a year (not in playing time) and it still has never worked, i want my $30 back
i feel like i bought a 1$ packet of chips wihout chips in it!quite simply: i cannot play it! ... it's broken! i haven't been able to connect to any servers and when i do, the game crashes!  why do they even try to sell this game?! do they seriously expect to make money this way?! have they even tried the game before selling it?!
not a very good game. 6/10
needs a hell of a lot of work.
disappointing compared to arma 2, yet to blossom.
see all those hours i have? i've played a grand total of one game, one bloody game that i joined half way through. this game is broken, all those other hours? that's me trying to fix it, every time i open the bloody game after applying a new miracle fix from the internet it clicks up by a minute like some maniacal doomsday clock, every fix i've tried just hasn't worked. i could play this damn game once, only once and now because of the amount of god damn different fixes i've applied it hasn't let me get a refund. piece of crap, broke as anything and no work done from the devs. do not buy!
while this game is a great time waster game it is very unstable it can freze it can lag and it can lag your whole pc and cause you to switch your pc off completely also not to mention that bugs like this havent been fixed.
wtf this game is ♥♥♥♥ #callofdutyforlyfe
i hope i pass in my sleep
this is dog ♥♥♥♥
needs more pepe 9/11 ign
there are no proper servers and you must have a good computer to play
i did not buy it and its saying i have it???????????????????????????????????
la verdad es un juego bastante de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ depende como te trate el lag ya que te gastas un cargador completo de algun arma tratando de almenos hacerle daño tambien mientras te hagan spawnkill y ellos en 3 tiros te den headshot de alguna manera por el ping que no tienen, mi opinion seria no tan bueno pero al matar a alguien si lo logras se siente bastante bien :v
♥♥♥♥♥♥ server all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pings are always red as hell .
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
although the main premise of the game is good and creating a village even better but the countless amount of bugs like the one that happens when i tab out the game crashes and countless other glithes. the final nail in the coffin was the price $25, this game is not even close to worth the price
do not waste your time playing this unless you have about a year to spare, i enjoy games i can pick up and play with out having to read 30 different notes on the wiki ive spent more time on the wiki thn playing this game. so if you enjoy wasting your money that could have been saved or spent on something else go right ahead if your not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that wants to enjoy the video games they play pickup a different game instead of a game as fun as my dogs ♥♥♥♥.
worst investment do not recomenddo you like wasting your timethen this game is for ou this game is more of choir than a game with horrible realisem to boot
too confuesing controls suck and just annoying
i really want to enjoy this game and i don't mind that it's effectively a dlc for saints row 3, but i'm rarely able to get into game let alone play for a couple hours and then any progress i do make goes unsaved. for no apparent reason my game will just close to desktop and this appears to be an issue many other people have had, i've installed no mods and on multiple occasions uninstalled and redownloaded the game. i'm using a fairly high end pc rig so i'm really doubting it's performance issues. for this reason i really can't recommend the game. i hope that this issue is solved because it really is fun to just mess around with all the things in the game :(
piece of ♥♥♥♥
no matches found
would be good if it wasn't ♥♥♥♥ but i still play it
terrible
well its a great game the only thing is when i bought the game (not complete pack) i thought it would still come with the american and wermacht but it didint so if you guys do buy this please be warned!!!
they killed it. they killed heroes of might and magic.♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.♥♥♥♥ you limbic.
was good now crap gg
this game requires a microsoft account and an xbox live account. that's some cheese. it has a lot of things to do before you can actually play the game. i understand that this game has an xbox version. but you should atleast take it off for the pc version. some people here don't have xbox live. also,  not good for people with low patience.
bad game i was rich then the value of my items went downnillys realm is better
it is ok just hate it that you have to pay to upgrade inventory space and it is what lets this game down if you have money to waste then its a good game but for me it is not justified!
what ruined this game is where it was based in asia far cry 2 was much better set in africa loved how you could burn fields and realistic environment what is say is far cry 4 looks like it is set in asia as well
diablo 3 clone only with more skills only big let down is xp loss on death should either be equipment damage or gold coin loss for me this kills the game and prefer diablo 3
piece of crap game
이놈들은 오버킬은 게임을 무료로 배포해서 이런식으로 판매하면 몰라도아주그냥 게임과 팩을 돈을 판매하는 행태를 보면 데체 얼마나 돈을 두둑히 챙길려는지 알것같다 차라리 업데이트 하지말자 이럴거면 차라리 팩을 4만원에서 5만원 받든가 아에 못사게
this game is still in alpha.
residentsleeper
this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. oh you'll like me to go into more detail. everything is bad about it. i bought this game when it first came out and was actually quite good... but now i came back to this game recently to see that the game state is a piece of ♥♥♥♥. let me list the problems:* dinosaurs clip through everything* spawns are bad (i spawned right next to a t-rex)* models for the dinosaurs and everything are bad (i saw an upside down dinosaur)* the crafting and the weapons and just bad. (i don't know specificly but they're just terrible)* the game is dead (no one are on the servers)and the very last one... the devs have ♥♥♥♥ing abandoned the game!! they took our money and just left.if you are looking for a good dinosaur survival game then just get ark. so much better in every way.i can not recommend this game under any circumstances. please do not buy!!
so i got this game about a year and a half ago and you know it was fun. i got into games wasn't the best shooter out there but it was fun but after about 6 months of playing i stopped completely. the game started going down hill from that point. hackers started to become a problem, game became pay 2 win, the game had terrible balence and no one was playing it. now i come back to see that:* there are heaps more hackers (like every server there is at least one hacker)* the game is massively pay 2 win (pay $20 for gun that one shots at almost every range and has a fast rate of fire)* no one plays it anymore (at least in aus). (it took me 10 minutes to get into a game but the game was eu)* the weapon balence is non existing. (aa12 is a shotgun that is full auto and one shots in cqb and it can take you out pretty fast at medium range)the only selling point of this game is that it's free but thats it. it is a waste of space on your hardrive. i can not advise you to download this game.
why did i buy this game? oh right, i was dumb.. i was stubborn... wait, no just dumb. this was a perfectly good waste of however much money i payed for this game at the time because i must have been flustered by a massive sale that steam had conjured up. because if i had payed full price for this rusty heap of scrap and dead flesh, then i would shoot myself and have my dead corpse fall into a car compactor because what came out of that car compactor would still turn out better than this game. now, down to what this game is like...the game looks like someone copy and pasted the console version onto steam and took a little bit of time out of their busy schedule to replace some of the console buttons with some pretty little pc buttons... how nice of them! it really shows you how much they love us, doesn't it? regardless... don't buy this game!
i received this from winning a raffle with free entry, and it still wasn't worth it.incredibly lazy worldbuilding, models and ai, sounds are on the edge of pointless, even on high-end pc's there are generally issues and crashes which make it unplayable, whilst also having quite long load times for such a simple and barely function game. firing a weapon is near impossible, as it requires you to only be able to use the crosshair, aiming down sights shows you the incredibly generic weapon models, and blocks your view near completely. the enemies can't kill you, and even if they could, you'd be dead instantly, as their ai is incredibly limited to waiting until you get near enough and then proceding to push through the walls to kill you. if the dev even cared anymore, he could at least attempt to patch this game, but that in itself would be ~such~ a task.tl:dr- the dev needs to get his ♥♥♥♥ together if he wants people to play and buy this game.
completely unstable, crashes every god damned match
main issue i found was the game crashes to desktop every single time i start it, with no sign of being able to fix this issue, as it stands i literally can't play this game, verifying does nothing, reinstalling does nothing, and there's no mention of this issue on their site from what i can see. besides a single thread of theirs saying they 'fixed' the issue. i would not reccomend getting this game until it's gone through some serious bug fixes
jogo lixo esperei um tempao pra baixar 27.0 gb e quando termina nao da pra jogar tenho que baixar de novo
its so ♥♥♥♥
this is one of the best games i have ever played.the pay 2 win system is just amazing, so amazing that everything is just double price compared to team fortress 2. they have done a superb job in the graphics, best graphics i have ever seen and they are so original, unlike minecraft.i realy love how the entire game is filled with 8 year old trolls, just makes it so much more fun.oh i almost forgot the amazing job they did with the uninstall feature, i think that that is basicly the main part of the game all i do is install and then unistall because its so fun to uninstall this game.uninstall 3d, best free to uninstall game ever, is even worse than roblox99/4 would roblox again
gather around children as i tell the tale of .... thehunter....once upon a time a hunter strolled out of his cabin with a gps, a sniper rifle and some other useless crap... he found a bird in the sky and he wanted to shoot it. he shoots but has missed....one more bullet!!!!.....he needed permission to hunt that bird... the hunter was jailed for 10 years for not buying a licsence to kill a bird.10/10 best uninstall ever would uninstall again.
this is one of the best games i have ever played.the pay 2 win system is just amazing, so amazing that everything is just double price compared to team fortress 2. they have done a superb job in the graphics, best graphics i have ever seen and they are so original, unlike minecraft.i realy love how the entire game is filled with 8 year old trolls, just makes it so much more fun.oh i almost forgot the amazing job they did with the uninstall feature, i think that that is basicly the main part of the game all i do is install and then unistall because its so fun to uninstall this game.uninstall 3d, best free to uninstall game ever, is even worse than roblox99/4 would roblox again
gather around children as i tell the tale of .... thehunter....once upon a time a hunter strolled out of his cabin with a gps, a sniper rifle and some other useless crap... he found a bird in the sky and he wanted to shoot it. he shoots but has missed....one more bullet!!!!.....he needed permission to hunt that bird... the hunter was jailed for 10 years for not buying a licsence to kill a bird.10/10 best uninstall ever would uninstall again.
main controls are broken wait till patch sad for a full released game ;(
*prestiges in zombies**uses unlock token, game glitches and gives me all guns**plays zombie map, game crashes and wouldn't load**restarts computer, opens game successfully**greeted with a game ban*gg treyarch
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game, everyone camps with op guns. one  of the worst cod games in history that i've played.
bagulho nojento, ja achava uma bosta, ainda mais quando um cara crasho na minha frente fico voando no ar, eu matei ele....
before reading this review understand this will not focus on the story line as i am unable to complete it due to the issues you will read about below.well for a start i was looking forward to jc3 for awhile, however with this so called "end product" i am left ashammed if anything else. by this point we as gamers should stop thinking that the next big game rlease will be any better they seem to just stagnate and only improve how awful the bugs are. asfar as my copy of jc3 was concerned i was plagued by camera glitches, graphical crashes at every cut scene i came too, graphic driver crashes even with the latest driver updates and  high end rig. i put a question finally to the developers of jc3, avalanche studios in the vain hope you are reading this my question is simple. is the sheer lack of incompetence of your marketing team or that of your development/testing teams that pushed this clearly still unfinished game out? i see a good few hundred people commenting on this games community hub forums here on steam about bugs and such within the game and those posts have a host of comments, you would think that these bugs that seem to be so very obvious got shipped with the final releasse copy only due to someones own incompetence.in summery at the time of writing this review i strongly recommend you spend  your money elsewhere as it seems it is a game of russian roullette on whether your copy is plagued by bugs as most youtubers seem to have perfect copies (again that could be just them simply editing bugs out). too everyone who reads this no matter who you are or what genre you partake of please remember, games that are released like this with a multitude of bugs should not be celebrated and should be held to account for its short comings and to game devs out there as it should be abundantly clear to you already, releasing a mess like this can be avoided if you take the time to test your product thourghly i suggest spending more time to do so in the future avalanche.
crap humour, shallow gameplay, repetitive.  functional but appalling, do not buy
this game is a bit unfair when you start soit is a bit a bad game but it is a beta/ early access game but there is only 1 game mode and you only get tech points if you get kills or win which is really hard when you ******* start and i did swear but i bleeped my self
i really like this game. despite people not liking the "futuristic ♥♥♥♥" i like it. the one thing i hate about this is the optimization or lack thereof. sometimes i get 90fps on medium settings 70% 1080p. sometimes i get 30 fps on 1080p at low settings. ffs treyarch get your ♥♥♥♥ together. ♥♥♥♥ you treyarch for making consoles looks good on this game.
payday 2 was a great game, but now it's sinking. in addition to a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of a dlc to fund the game, and forcing the community to pay for an event, overkill decided they needed a bit more income. microtransactions. even after they pledged to not have microtransactions. most heinous of all, these microtransactions give stat boosts. go fellate yourself almir. that is all folks.
this game so bad its not a far game you have to pay for everything i waited 2 hours to play this
game is game, not let me come along when host matchmake thing. "like kid taking to long to ♥♥♥♥ on school trip and getting left behind on bus" ~caleb srsly bruv, let me join mah mangs.
randomly crashes at times doing gameplay.
very bad game i realy dont like
pay to win
é enjoativo mesmo jogando com muita gente
jogo de ♥♥♥♥♥
very very very very bad
this game is a ripoff, its not free to play.
♥♥♥♥ game controls are bad dosent say how to control i cant move ♥♥♥♥
this game is bad :d that all i can say about this game
not what the trailer descibed it as
game fails to open up into 'applications', it only goes as far as opening up into 'processes', so the game is broken...
yeah cs was good, but it was ruined....... by constant smurfs and derankers. just played an mge game where a silver elite went 46-5. this game has turned to ♥♥♥♥
couldnt find a word for how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is.. only words i found were steaming, pile, goat, ♥♥♥♥ and schoolbus.
i really enjoyed this gamebut, i rage quited due to the difficulty.edited 4 years later where i thought "you know what, i'll give this game another ago, i had some good fun with it before i quit" so i reinstalled the game, launched it and excitedly waited to play. but wait, uplay was being an irritable, useless cuntmunch piece of software that refused to work, meaning the game was not unplayable, but unaccesable. you literally can't make it to launching the game uplay is that shithouse. like really, i mean the game isn't broken, the launcher is and that is just ♥♥♥♥ing depressing. but yeah, ♥♥♥♥ uplay amirite?
when i get out of the game it says i am still in it
thins game sucks so baddly it is the worsed game i have played for a year
my pyramid raid keep loading 4 ever when i click start........................
indie game quality. less polished than ark. it's fun, sure it's not an action game. it's very much about taking your time and i like that. but for 75aud i can not recommend it. it's simply not worth that much. screenshots and trailer also don't represent the game at all. please look for in game footage on youtube before you buy, it's nothing like advertised. at least see what you're paying for before you make up your mind. as for what we have, it kinda ended up like spore, great in theory but execution has holes. looking forward to updates, hopefully we'll see that e3 quality down the track.
horribly shallow
i can't connect online service but account's brother can play in my comi need help problem is my account
new crafting system = f*ck you veteran players.i came back to this game and this is what i get?? saved up 6 gold cards from spending 50 usd+ on cases only to come back to this game a year after to find out that these 6 gold card that i saved can no longer be traded for a colbolt not only that but now i need 50 000 credits too?!? sigh... 
unfortunately i bought into the hype of this game. i was looking for a spiritual successor to the ace-combat series but was sorely dissapointed. poor optimisation, repetitive gameplay and poor controller support destroyed this game for me.
wtf
this game is the definition of ♥♥♥♥ it is like poo like the game is ♥♥♥♥ i found ♥♥♥♥ but i died to a wild boar and then i was sad and i got bord i had a ♥♥♥♥ but then i fort of the game thehunter because it is like my poo but the hunter has more corn in it because it is ♥♥♥♥ like my poo. pls rate comment and subscribe to this game is ♥♥♥♥.com
this is a bad game you shoud look at dino d day
just no
shallow storyline, poor gameplay mechanics, many bugs.this is without a doubt the least entertaining wwii shooter i've ever experienced.extremely repetative gameplay; pick up your gun, point and shoot towards the nazis. poor dialogue and the ai works in mysterious ways.the only positive aspect about the game is pretty scenery and good visuals in general.
interesting and pretty game, however gamebreaking frustrating controls.quit the game ages ago as i was stuck because of controls - reinstalled again much later and i can't even get through tutorial because of it.
the game is so disapointing. perfect in every way but becomes completely stupid when players can just teleport into a plane (fighter or bomber) use it to kill you then apear back in their own tank completly unharmed. no flying skills are even needed, you can just crash the plane into a tank and disable it or destroy it. this feature is just stupid and is a game breaker. to have game after game of ground battles decided by who is first to gain air superiority is stupid. if you do play the game dont waste money on it, there will be plenty of times you are betten in completely stupid ways that bear no resembalance to a proper ground battle tactic and it will make you angry more often than you have fun games. if they ever remove this stupid "feature"  i would definatly recomend the game but as it stands it rates very high on the stupid scale.
olha, eu n recomendo esse jogo pq todas as screenshots q propaganda são todas falsas, meh
olha, eu n recomendo esse jogo pq todas as screenshots q propaganda são todas falsas, meh
s**** game.thats all i need to say.
i demand a refund because its un playable. it always has up and left activated its bad ripoff
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀▄infestation▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
my game wont work dont know why it keep crashing
so freaking good game but why my  g mod always get crash pleas respond this valve
this game is going down the well, and its heading there fast.what started off as a mystical survival adventure has steadily declined into a weekly grind. it stops feeling like fun, and feels more like a 2nd job. the taming times on public servers makes you really value your dinosaurs. its a pity the developers don't. steadily changes have been introduced without forethought that have cost fellow members on my server their flagship dinosaurs and in some cases, their entire bases, to such a point that our server is lucky to have a handful (five) of people on at any given time.yes this game is still pre-release... but honestly who's going to pay for a game that nobody plays.what started off at 8.5/10 has tapered down to a 2.5/10 for me.i will not recommend.
broken as ♥♥♥♥ much like the devs thems selves cant reconmand in its current state or price, only adds the a civilastion and a campagn and few maps but its very buggy and prone to missing textures dont get till fixes and cheaper pricethe campaign is absoulute trash. ive seen better stories in dota. it is also full of more bugs then that in my back yard. most mods also dont work with the game causing it to crash, civilisation is ok but not as great as the others.
hi guysthis game is very fun and i recomend getting maybe in the future. at the current moement it still in early stages and therefore has some major issurs with the game. as alot of players have stated the lag is a huge problem whcih can make this game unplayable. i suffer a bit from the lag and when i do i dont get very far in the game. it has small amount of maps which i hope they add more in the furture. this game has a nice udea and when a strong community of players with heaps of maps it could be up there with the top fps games each gamemodes in pve are very fun but jsut about impossable to play with out other people. they should make a single player or offline or something to it so people can play anywhere at anytime they can. there is a nice vaerity of enimies though i would like to see more and the guns are very good though again more would be good. another problem is the pay to win in this game and the buying of guns and other items. the store is atrosish it really is. you can buy weapons fore either perament or 30 days or 1 week or 1 day. this a bad idea as the guns get so expensive for pernament costing around 2000000 gold coins which is insane because for a victory you only get roughly 2000 plus bounes. there is always that premien currency which destorys the game as well as there are those premiun items that are op that can only be bought with it. very good game but has some major issues i reconmend it in the future
for some reason this game crahses when ever i try to paly a game online or offline i dont why
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
it's ♥♥♥♥♥est game i've ever played. the worst update i have ever played in once a whileeven though it's trying to bring back the game, but unforantely it's got tons of free-to-play and in-game money in which i ♥♥♥♥ing hate. i would defentily play it again if they removed these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win content. and yet, you really need to start making actual games rather than churing out billions of flappy bird play-to-win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and yet it's getting depressing that you guys are still doing it.the combat is pretty bad with all these unesscary numbers and stuff along with ♥♥♥♥ as huge fx which it hinders the view of the game, thus making it diffcult to see.besides that, the game is so ♥♥♥♥ing outdated to the point where it does not need to be revied. is this the same as bring back your dead pet that has died without any problems, bringing it back will make it worse and suffer.
it's not very good
dont buy this. i bought it but i cant play it i have waited almost 2 weeks still cant play it
i love it but when u die u lose everything even your char.
i gave this game a chance, and i enjoyed my first few hours. but when i noticed i was being shot behind corners with 50 ms ping, i knew something was wrong. the hit registration is sometimes terrible, and the simple fact i can get run and gunned when i was watching a corner for the past 10 seconds? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. don't even bother with this game.
i have a gtx 680 top directcu ii with a 1770k proccessor and i cant run this game higher than 30 fps.. nees major optimizing..
i used to love this game. seriously. i played it for hours on end. hell, i even leveled up all my perks to lvl 25. but the new updates killed this game. the bezerker was meant to tank, now he is just a slow low health help-while-you-can sorta perk. the m14 is hilariously undepowered, and the hard difficulty feels harder than hoe. let me quote the the tripwire team. "early access done right". what a joke.
poor oversight by magic 2015 developers in the game.positives include a catchy theme song, ability to construct a deck to however you like, storyline is not a bad inclusion, opening more boosters to provide anticipation and excitement.sadly however the negatives definately out weigh the positives.you are restricted in deck building to a limited selection of cards after you have completed the campaign unless you which ti invest in "boosters" to increase your card pool. matching up against others who have superior cards or/even duplicates or sets of 4 card(s) whom have purchased additional boosters, not only makes deck building difficult, ineffective but also increases the likelihood that you will be demorilised over and over again in matches against other opponents in 1 v 1 or free for all matching.i generally enjoy purchasing this product for the puzzle games, last turn puzzles a few years ago were amazing and difficult/challanging. 2014 however showcases some very sub par puzzles games and this year, well, there are none.i played one game of free for all on 4 v 4 and i felt so far away from the game table i requested my flatmate to provide me a magnifine glass. myself and another player also realised 4 turns in that we had already lost when one of the players threw down some superior cards for which we had not even access to.this put me off continuing playing this game into the future as really there is no point unless i am wishing to invest into this.suggestions would be to at least bring "two headed giant" match making back, a level par card selection by perhaps charging a set $15 fee from the start and not this "micro transaction booster option" which is poor oversight in my opinion and perhaps even a tournament mode where equal par magic the gatherers could paticipate tournaments of 10 players etc, round robin to then provide a level based system and a decent points rating for those wishing to climb to the top in rankings over time (by winning more tourney's etc)rating, interface, music score, story concept 6/10 (as what else can you do with a story really)gameplay campaign 5/10 (as well the ai seems to get the perfect run of cards sometimes :s)deck building feature, 8/10 as this is very flexiblecard selection 2/10 (extremely limited unless additional investments made)gameplay vs human 3/10 (for the reason you will become frustate that you are unable to build a deck that is consistent without investment into more booster packs)overall i would probably rate magic 2015 4/10
totally not fun for me. boring, with strange equipment options... better grab a battlefield!
invisible apartment... is about a apartment that is invisible.best game evergetting to hear one of my friends speeking like a girl!
the pacing with this game is all off.most of it is slow and tedious, others are suddenly fast and annoying.the humour in it felt forced too.
no options. no explanation. average gameplay. not worth the time.
the interface and controls of this game put me off entirely.you can't customize the controls and the defaults have the camera controled by the keyboard and movement controlled by the mouse, which is completely opposite to the way that i find comfortable.people keep telling you to go to places, like they expect you know the area, but having just started the game and there not being a minimap or anything to give you directions, that became really annoying really quickly.
big let down.can't play the campaign with people. (co-op is in raid mode)bad controls.bad acting.encounters that just don't feel like a resident evil game.
wanna hear a joke? this game. when this game came out around a year ago, i was so excited for a new zombie survival experience. after playing it for a few hours, i found myself still running around the map looking for my friends. i decided i had enough and logged off. the follwing day, i spent countless hours attempting to build a base and find some useful gear. it came to my realisation that the game was ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. i closed the game without hesitation and never touched it again.now, several months later i have decided to give sony online entertainment, or daybreak of whovever the ♥♥♥♥ they are one more chance, but looks like they have made almost zero progress on this game since i last played, except adding some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ micro transcations (cases: are you ♥♥♥♥ing joking)i can name several reasons why this game is a bloody joke without even having to think about it. firstly, the world is half ♥♥♥♥♥ and the same structures are regurgitated over and over. it just looks like a complete ♥♥♥♥ing mess. secondly, scavenging is so unrewarding. you will search a whole ♥♥♥♥ing neighbourhood of houses that look exactly the same and find ♥♥♥♥ all. thirdly, the devs frankly don't give a ♥♥♥♥ and it just seems like they can't be bothered with this dead end game. the only thing that i can say is half decent about this game is the battle royale, but its certainly not enough to keep me interested in playing this game.to conclude, h1z1 is a huge ♥♥♥♥-up. the devs are uncommitted and i can honestly see no real potential in its current state, so you might aswell save your 20 dollars and spend it elsewhere.
this game is broken and not worth the $20. it is impossible to play or even enjoy in its current state. it has sat in my library for over a year and nothing has changed.
i payed for the ultimate edition for this, a year later i've still not gotten the dlc for this game, just the base game
i was really looking forward to playing this mod. infact, one of the main reasons i got just cause 2 was to play this mod. but when i tried to boot it up, it crashed straight away. i think it's because of my a.m.d. hardware, so if you want to play this game with an a.m.d. video card, you'd better hope that the team updates the game to support a.m.d. video cards.
don't bother.
boring and tedious. nice scenary however. as someone who usually goes for this sort of narrative game i can say that i'm just disappointed by how unengaging the "plot" is, which is really a major flaw considering this is the only thing the game could have going for it as the game-play itself is simply repetitive and uncomplicated.just boring.
says it's an hour of gameplay. i did two playthroughs in 41 minutes with about ten minutes of wandering around uselessly. boring in every way.
-스포일러 주의 -장점 : 브금하나는 기막히게 끝내줌 1도 좋지만 확실히 전작보다  더 끝내줌단점 : 스토리, 난이도, 게임 맵의 배치, 상대하기 까다롭고 너무 많은 적, 1보다 더 많은 챕터단점이 장점을 싸먹습니다스토리는 결국 막판에 핵 터져서 전부 뒤지는데 정말 어이없습니다 영화 미스트도 아니고 그리고 1은 자켓, 바이크만 얘기를 다뤘지만 이번에는 여러 주인공들이 등장하는데개인적으로 자켓과 바이크의 비중을 높였으면 어땠나 싶기도합니다..뭐 스토리 그럴수 있다고 쳐요근데 난이도가 like jot 합니다핫라인2는 맵이 1에비해 크게 늘고 실외전맵 또한 많습니다문제는 엄폐할곳이 적고 뻥 뚤린곳에서 안보이는곳에 총맞아 죽는게 다반사입니다실내전이 아예 없는건 아니지만 적들 수가 너무 많습니다이로인해 근접플레이는 상쇄되고 결국 전작에서의 근접으로 무쌍찍는건 힘들어졌고요그리고 1에 비해 챕터가 좀 더 늘어났는데 난이도는 더럽고 분량은 많아져서 미치고 팔짝뜁니다만약 맵을 어느정도 손 봐줬다면 스토리는 어쩔수없지만 그래도 플레이는 재밌게 할수있었을겁니다크게 아쉬움이 남는 후속작
무료배포...
terrible i bought early accessand got some perks like more cash and extra weapon attachments, and they then they updated it to free to play and i lost everything i paid over $30 and i am very annoyed do not buy
this game had so much potential, it had implemented some mechanics that gave it the chance to be so much fun. but then, they decided, lets limit that fun. warriors cannot sprint without putting their weapon on their backs, for some reason, this was implemented, i am assuming to stop people from sprinting into combat swinging? but that couldn't be it, because that would add so much fun to the game.but, probably the worst decision that was made, was to add an energy bar, i guess it is to stop people from swinging a lot, but that's what people wanted from this game, they wanted that fast paced action packed feeling, only to be greeted with absurdly unrealistic limitations. i want to have to block 15-20 swings in a 10 second fight, i want that thrill, that rush, the feeling one might expect from being a viking. but instead we are given a slow game, that makes it feel like we are all terribly hung over warriors, decades past our prime swinging heavy sticks, losing our breath after just a bare few swings. gone are the days warriors trained to endure i guess.i just feel massively let down by this game, i thought it was going to be what war of the roses almost was before it was drenched in honey, making combat slow and boring. although, the game might have changed? i haven't really been able to play it to test since a few months after it came out, considering how no one plays the game anymore. its all a massive shame, i had high hopes, now i guess all i can do is wait for mount and blade 2, and hope they don't destroy that too, by catering to the slow of block.did the designers just not want to do new weapons? power strike was awesome, if a 2nd is made, and they keep the energy bar, lets hope they make it so that it only gets drained by sprinting and power strike, its too short a bar, and recovers too slowly for it to be used for everything.
want to play this game but live in australia to bad for you there are no oceanic servers would not recommend this game till they are added
i've havent even go into the new game *crasheswell played uplay
alot of bugs and hackers. don't buy it even during the sale.
you get in and you feel really lost and i couldnt go anywhere plus the robots were way too dificult wait a bit longer and then buy
i cant lode it
game dosent launch 10/-10 would play if it worked :p.will change my opinion if it does work any help is appreciated.
this game is very good unless u dont have anyone to play with in that case it not a very good game
this is the most aids game i have ever played
while the game have good graphics frenetic gameplay and very good customization, this game have its flaws one of each being the good old:pay2win- its not the worst its not like combat arms "planet side.. i guess" but as always you can have some parts more faster you dont need to "grind".reward- i know that i didnt played that much but the reward per match is not that good, i was level 4 i lost a match but i did good captured 3 points killed some newbs ;) but i got 1 coin yes 1 coin.the game is not bad but has some flaws. if you like fast pace p2w games and some cool mechanics this game is for you but for me it gets a nod
ok, so first off, i bought this game a long time ago. then a couple months ago i played it and there were so many new things introduced, like telelporter, rainbow torches, and a xenostaff??? anyways, they've made a massive change, mostly for the good of the game. (was kind of getting boring... :p)however after you installed the update and started playing with your friends with the new "join via steam" option, you'd realise how much stuff you could get. my buds and i were like "woah dude that sick! yeah man, lets craft everything in the game... <not really. we thought we were going to have the time of our lives, playing a crafting/survival game together, crafting tons of items...then after about of month of playing, i realised that we weren't going anywhere quickly,we thought that because we defeated the wall of flesh, that we were unstoppable with all of the items that we recieved from the goodie bags. we thought that until the pirate invasion came, that really hit us hard. we eventually got through it and we kept going through the game.a couple days later my youth minister came, he was wearing sick as armour and had awesome gear, we thought he had like finished the game! but then a couple days ago he said that the gear that he had was useless junk considering who he was up against.thats when it hit me, bro, this game at least is gonna take about a year and a half to finish, and i have a life to live for a reason. and so that is when i bought ark: survival evolved and that was good, but repeptative... anyways, there are a lot more other games to play which are better than this, don't waste your money and your life on this. buy dota 2, its a fun game that only lasts for about 40mins a match...only get terraria if you don't want a life... 
no instructions and the game looks pretty bad.
dont get this game please
for the queers
the plot is pretty short and the developers have used the difficulty of game to make you invest more hours into the game so you can unravel the plot at a slower pace.only get this if you find it in a bundle for a dollar with other games included.
running linux? this game ain't gonna load.
you have to travel distance, if you want to kill enemies in the open world aspects of the game. took me 20 minutes to find an enemy camp while free roaming.the world is too empty unless you play the main missions which places enemies in areas where you can locate them easily.final rating 4/10
this game was horrible to look at when i booted it up....
only really fun for 30 minutes. refunded.
it's the worst saints row in the series, but there's fun to be had with it. there's like 3 references to the movie "shoot 'em up" which is awesome (so is the movie). but it doesn't have clever writing or anything like that (which was thanfully returned in the 4th game). it just has strippers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (awesome.... right?) buy this on sale, you'll only get like 5 hours outa it, before you go and play a better game.
i like the look of the game but i cant play it because it crashes when you try to join a match i suggest playing this game when its updated and actually works so i dont recommend this at the moment
terrible flight game... mediocre shooter. there are different flight mechanics for different controller inputs making htis really just another point n' click adventure... with a fuel gauge.this could have been great but the handwavium approach to flight control makes it an fps without cover.   better off with counterstrike.
so i came into this game full of hope and high expectations: the game delivered on all of them.however, the community did not: if you enjoy brigading, biased moderators and a generally smug, passive-aggressive pve crowd that will go out of their way to shutdown any remotly pvp inclined interaction then this is the game for you.  there is no player versus player piracy, bounty hunting or combat in general short of highly organized and rather drab league play: nothing dynamic and engaging.basically this is a space trucking and tourism sim
if you can get past the player base being a bunch of squeeker kids(or the same in quasi-adult bodies) its fun.suggest first move is mute everyone... consistently irritating people.aside form that great game.edit:  changed to negative due to total lack of action on community managment.  reporting chat,  names and avatars promoting neo-nazism, serial killers, rapists and other such bile is ignored. this game is itching for a lawsuit.
classic example of poorly managed feature creep; the developers started with a great idea and shoud have known when to polish the existing assets then leave it alone and move onto a new project.  they didn't and now it is a cluttered over engineered mess.edit: after last patch; uninstalled and forgotten
cars handle horridly and sound bad with it. wait till it gets better.
darksiders ii is a great game but the pc port is terrible.after your purchase expect frame skipping, random control glitches and sub-par controller support.
great game. disgusting buisness practices, esoecially after starbreeze studios came in.
i buy a train and then have to spend another 20$ dlc to drive it? no thanks
sorry guys it's looks like a fun game,but it needs work a lot of work it is buggyer than a bug on a dune buggy and some times it just crashes. maybe it will be a 10/10 in years to come when it's finished but now i suggest that you consider not buying....sorry    *spelling
i did a review on this game saying that it was great. and now i have to revoke that review and make a new one. this game is alright, its a game like minecraft and ♥♥♥♥, but priced at a triple a game! 60 dollars for ♥♥♥♥! this game is ♥♥♥♥ed, in the videos they said ♥♥♥♥ like there will be battles you can take place in, there are no battles ♥♥♥♥ off. the only battles are 3 freighters and pirates and you can kill the pirates or pirates attack you. there is a big list of things wrong, and i say, go watch pyrocynicals video on it. i have learnt a lesson here, dont listen to the trailer. i cant refund this ♥♥♥♥ because i spent 15 hours in 1 day. and worst of all, they are making paied dlc's for all the ♥♥♥♥ they said would be in the game.♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ hello games.edit: apparently steam is letting people refund this ♥♥♥♥ game.gonna return this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lie and buy civilization 6, lets hope they dont pull a sean murry.edit: ♥♥♥♥ they lied... no refund for me, im stuck with this peice of ♥♥♥♥- previous review(lots of reviews out their are saying things like "repetitive" and they're right, it is repetitive, but that is what you get from an exploration survival game, if you dont like minecraft... then chances are you wont like this game, but if you liked minecraft before you turned 12 and the world started shaming you for playing it, then yes this game is for you.2 things when buying a game, 1 read the tags, 2, read the reviews, if the reviews say its repetitive, and the tags say exploration, then its a ♥♥♥♥ing exploration game.personally i enjoy playing this game, thats why i spent the entire saturday when the day it came out playing it, its got a nice storyline and goes for everything i love, deep space exploration, sci-fi, survival, those are all things that i love but i never saw in the form of a 3d game.)
do not buy, simple. even if this was in the bargain bin for $5. it is not worth it.sadly sean oversold the game as a yes-man in interviews. again, do not buy.and steam should do the right thing by refunding disregarding their return policy.
don't waste your money. i bought this game when it was on sale because i knew i would get screwed over but not to this degree. very predictable once you get past the honeymoon stage when the excitement quickly runs out....now beastman is $15 and blood is $2 (aud)game in total honestly is around $20 inc all dlc etc....
i cant even do missons it only lets me play boot camp......???? help plz
this game was so good now its so ♥♥♥♥ing gay the new update makes me sick i loved this game but they ♥♥♥♥ed it so i dont recommend it
i do not! recommend this game because of the needing of mavricks. this game looked great! but when i downloaded this game it took 14 hours that is fine but when i opened it i was terrified to see that it needed mavricks so i dont recommend this game!.
early game is very enjoyable, competing against other alien races individually to expand and collect new resource is very fun, but then you hit mid to late game and all enjoyment drops. honestly wouldnt recommend this game
tim shaffer is a scamming hack.-this game is broken and abandoned.-the ai is completely broken-the game is boring-abandoned.do not make the mistake to buy this terrible game. tim schafer doesnt deserve anymore cheeseburgers, he is a disgusting human being already.
money grab. bad game, dont buy now.
worst worms game, my worms were literraly invincableplus homing rockets go through worms10/10 ign would play again
no lamborghinis.0/10
getting a cool down of 7 days because some little child thinks its fun to run around you, block you, run into your line of fire is not a good way to reward the player that was carrying the team.eat a big fatty valve. how much more pathetic can you get?
if there was a "meh" rating here, i would choose it. watch dogs brings a lot of new and interesting ideas to the table but also has a lot of things that can become annoying after a while. like the story. at first i really liked the story, but by the end i feel like the devs just threw everything at the wall to see what stuck and along with that they sequal bait so hard its so ridiculous. even throughout the game, only a few characters are really interesting, making the story lacking at bestthe gameplay is basically gta but with a hacking twist. basically you may use the hacking ability to manipulate the world around you leading to some interesting car chases between the cops. after a while though, the hacking becomes repetative from riding the cameras to just doing basic hacking things. the covers system is also annoying because when i need to get out of cover quickly, my character has a resistance to leave. this is due to the cover latching system. for when your get into cover aiden latches onto it. also the game is very short and most of the missions arent very variedthe graphics are okay. while the lighting effects are very good, the rest of the games graphics kinda meld together into a mesh of bland colors and basic textureswhile the graphics arent terrible they arent worth celebrating.also the vigilante system is a total pain. if your reputation decreases too much the cops start constantly harassing you meaning that you cant really go on massive killingsprees without the reputation system ♥♥♥♥ing you over. money is very easy to aquire and doesnt really have a need to worry about your cash supplies. all in all, watch dogs isnt very good. but it isnt the worst game ever. the profiler is very interesting, the gun combat is very good, and while i did complain about the vigilantesystem it does offer a different aproach to combat. but then the game throws bad design choices at you that ruin your gameplay experience. as i said at the begginning of the review, if there was a meh rating i would choose it.
this game isnt scary. enemies are stupid and lack a.i. you do the same thing over and over agian. your put in a arena and stuck with the task of collecting a item to advance foward. your stuck with a enemy in the arena. if your not doing that your stumbling through a dark hallway or court yard. this game is just jump scares. jump scares are not horror. the story is a joke too. if you take the time to read the story, its very under whelming. its also extremly boring even if you do read it. the ending is crap too, leaving much to be desired. while there are cool concepts like the camera, night vision, and look behind mechanic (which is actually the best thing ever) its too hidered by boring gameplay, stupid a.i, and jump scares. if you want a better game, go by amnesia: the dark descent. its so much better and creepier than this game and has some puzzles. also there is no point to have the twins be nude. its just odd.
little to no development on this game is over a year. waste of $30
first comers dont get to to be in a war,lame.
wtf steam guard? now i cant even sell things!!! stupid steam remove the steam guard!! are you trying to make us not sell things?
this game made me an alcoholic, so yea go figure.
the ball is a fps puzzler game from teol studios and tripwire interactive(the publishers of killing floor and red orchestra). this is takes about 8 hours to beat like the desciption says, this game is like portal meets gears of war and why? because for portal, the ball object is like the companion cube where you place that spot and place another and that. and gears of wars, the underground level designs and the creature aliagator things are similer to the locust soldiers and the graphics is powered by unreal engine which looks good, the story was ok and the combat mechanics didn't impress me that much, when you beat the game there's also a surivial mode which you must surivie which waves of enemies. i give this game a 6.8 out of 10
do not get this mod, it's too quickly short, no story about it, and one boss, i give this game a 2 out of 10
dont buy this game, just kys with the 5 usd.
shoot yourself in the face. it's much more exciting!
if u played gunz 1, u will know how ♥♥♥♥ gunz 2 is
pc version seems to be no longer supported.
where the hell do i get the activation code some one plz tell me
the game is lame, imediately disapointed when i had to shoot someone 10+ times to kill them
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄uncrowded ▄▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
this simulator looks like a 5 minute quicky done in unity, the default assests from unity are there, the coding is terrible and overall the game looks like someone ♥♥♥♥ on their keyboard and out popped this game.2/10 (the 2 is for making me review this crap)the only good thing about this would be the vehicles?? the crane was coded rather well, but the whole experience is ruined with the chainsaw.
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄ ea░░▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
its hard to say it good because it says that a 2 gb ram comp can run it but it freaking doesn't..... it looks good but edit the requirments.............sad face =(
it sucks
this game is quite frustrating, mainly due to the fact that you often do not have control over your own demise nor enough vision on the surrounding environment. instant-death traps are often just off-screen but fire as soon as you see them (not giving you enough time to dodge), damage is dealt by cheap hidden enemies, and you very often take fall damage as it is difficult to judge where you will land (again, due to the limited vision).if the camera was zoomed out just a little, this might be a much better game - as it is, i would not recommend it, even to fans of roguelike platformers.
eh.
worst game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
terrible game, they take a server down without telling anyone for the whole day making it so you cannot access your characters. then when the server finally comes back on i go to log in, the launcher loads and then asks me to log in (it usually auto logs me in through steam but this time it didnt), so i enter my details in and get an error saying i cannot log in. so i google what the problem was and it told me that i have apparently broken some rule or am in a country that the game is banned in (which neither of them are true). so i try to play the game again later, after leaving it for a while, i log in, it works, it goes to character select, i choose my character and click "enter world". it goes to the loading screen and when it reaches 100% the screen goes black, the window closes and it gives me some stupid reason, trying to explain why the game crashed..... so i kept trying to open the game and it kept doing the same crash. 10/10 waste of time to get the game do not get this worthless crap.
real fun game, just a shame that it had idiots for developers. decide to shut down the game as their way of improving it, cause u kno, their real smart. people claim that the game is dead or is going dead, yet all the times i qued up for a match i got one in seconds. 10/10 for killing a game that could make you money and bring joy to so many people, was fun while it lasted sucks that its ending.
one of the worst games i have very played this game is absolute crap!
9/11 would offend player base again
hey guys idk what happen to this gamei just bougth this on october 17 and when i just open my computer and "bam" steam said your cs:go was remove in to your library and to my account by some one gift amandai  0_o? some one help  me pls even steam cant help me or i didnt get back the cs:go adnd i been scammed.    
ingredients1.5kg (3lb) loin pork, with fat attached and rind removed, tied with string2tbsp olive oil1.5l (48fl oz) milk50g (1¾oz) butter6 cloves garlic, peeled and split in half2 unwaxed lemons, peel removedmethodheat the oven to 160°c (gas mark 2-3). season the pork well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. heat the oil in the bottom of a large casserole or frying pan over a medium heat. add the pork and slowly cook until golden. remove it from the pan and wipe out the excess fat with kitchen paper.bring the milk to just under the boil in a large saucepan. heat the butter in the casserole. add the garlic and cook for 1-2 minutes, then add the pork.add enough of the milk to come about a third of the way up the side of the pork. drop the strips of lemon peel (minus any white pith) into the milk and bring to the boil.cover with foil or a lid, and transfer to the oven. cook for 1 hour then remove the cover and continue to cook for a further 30 minutes. spoon off and discard any fat. serve the pork in slices, accompanied with the reduced milk.top tipsthe milk will reduce to a lovely, soft, golden, lemony curd. spoon this around the meat when you serve it.this game is bad.
this game didn't get me hooked like dark souls did. the first game had better mechanics, better atmosphere and better everything really. if you want a good experience get the first game not this.
sucks lol
in short, this game is killing floor with dinosaurs, but subpar. you survive waves of zombies dinos, earn money for killing them and buy progressively bigger and nastier guns with them. sounds pretty straightforward, and it is. the problems with this game are that it's unbalanced, looks worse than unreal tournament 2004 (but still runs horribly) and feels very amateurish for a comercially sold game.for starters, there's only one class out of the 3 you are offered that is actually worth anything, and that is the assault class (the guy with the jetpack). the other ones have a cloaking mode and a healing gun, but they aren't worth giving up the ability to not die when you are picked up by a pterodactyl, stop yourself from being mobbed or casually fly around the triceratops that you are pumping full of lead.there are a bunch of purchaseable guns on offer when you finish a wave, but most of them are either too weak or have horrible accuracy/recoil, so expect to use the same guns on every match. or you could drive around in a warthog-ish buggy and have some guy man the turret (or man it yourself) to become almost invincible to the dinosaurs.there are some things that dino horde does right, though. it mixes it up by having you defend generators, fight boss dinosaurs, and move around to different bases, which breaks up the monotony quite a bit, and it is rather satisfying once you get a hold of one of those badass turrets, admittedly.i feel a bit bad for bashing an indie game, and honestly, if you're the forgiving sort, you may get a good amount of fun out of this game, but there are better games you can play about surviving waves of enemies. there are better games about blowing dinosaurs up. there are none to my knowledge about surviving waves of dinosaurs, though, so if you have a fixation for surviving a horde of prehistoric reptiles (perhaps it's the only way you can get it up, i'm not judging you :-d) then pick it up in a sale or something.
this game would make a good replacement for sleeping pills if you have insomnia.warning: side effects may include confusion, glitches, diarrhoea, soul-sucking feelings of melancholy and buyers remorse (thank waukeen i never paid full price).
so back in 2012 "ace of spades" was a cool game it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps that thousands of people played and it was so fun. then this pile of ♥♥♥ came out and no one bought it. if you would like to play the old version click here:http://buildandshoot.com/  this is an exact copy of the game and it so worth checking out
-rep, rockstar being rockstar again and not letting anyone mod their game...-repdont buy.
everyone you see seems to kill on sight.i spent 30mins trying to get into a server, i would get in then drop my weapon to get another weapon and the server would crash. so i just lost both of my guns. would not recommend worst game ive played
this game is a cash grab. completely single player with only the uploading of planet names as the 'multiplayer' element. complete lies from what the author stated in several interviews.the game looks good but has no content. i lost interest in 28hrs.as for discovering new planets etc. it's the same mechanics just with different textures/colors. basically you just repeat the same thing over and over, even the voice in your head telling you that you need to get your $60 value from this won't be enough to make you keep going round and round.i price this game at $19 or less with the expectation that more would be added.
wow
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing sucks...i cant connect online....give me back my money....you ♥♥♥♥ing company
this entire game can get well and truly ♥♥♥♥ed. it's like a two year old tried to recreate battlefield with some legos and a clump of their own ♥♥♥♥.
this is a trash videogame that i find myself unable to stop playing. do yourself a favour, and dont download it.
this game has literally no logic, intresting concept, but overall it is incredibly short, stupid, not fun, and a waste of time.2/10 - needs serious improvementsorry mate, the concept you had was interesting, if not polished. make the game longer, and make sure there is a way to win by actaully remembering which one is good; not by complete random guesses. my advice, look at what you are trying to make, and put yourself in the eyes on the user. hope that helps you out on your next game.
this game was ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ it is now stuck on my profile im going to kill myself
кейсы, микротранзакции, печальбедаибезисходность.не берите игру. !!!
hacking and loading simulator.
i think this is a really great game but too laggy for me 4/10
is anybody experiencing crashes at the start screen?
i can imagine war of the roses is a compelling game but after i payed downloaded and redownloaded and the game still wouldnt work even though i had the specs required and tried everything. war of the roses shouldve of been in a longer beta with mre guides so that people can get on and play
this game is crappy
is ♥♥♥♥
for me almost a complete waste of money. i do not recomend buying this game
♥♥♥♥, don't buy
don't. buy. this. game. ever.
selling mods? really?you know who didn't sell mods? hitler. stalin. mao. none of them sold mods.looks like i'll be getting my mods from the p1rate b4y. or just stick with nexus mods.
what the ♥♥♥♥ is the logic in here... i don't see it & i don't even know why people say this needs more skill than all other fps out there... f*ck this, i'm out. hate me. kill me. because valve ain't confirmin half life 3 yet and leeching people's money deadlier than all other game companies out there. the only way for you to gain our love, life and soul, *looking at you gaben* is to use that money for the creation & confirmation of half life 3.
had potential had, this game is just a flying spray and walk away just shoot in the direction of the enemy and you hould be sweet. also lvl 50 are paired with lvl 5s what-the-♥♥♥♥
had potential had, this game is just a flying spray and walk away just shoot in the direction of the enemy and you hould be sweet. also lvl 50 are paired with lvl 5s what-the-♥♥♥♥
too many memes
yes it is a really fun game but it becomes pointless and then you have watsed 30 dollers on a game that you had only played a few hours on there need to be something more and that takes much longer
i love the complete silence other than my guns.
creating squad...
worst game ever made!
disappointing game! do not buy, its my biggest mistake.
the good news:good gameplay the bad news:crashes when it loads to the menu can't play acu
amazing walking simulator, i like that you can choose between two characters but unfortunately they're mostly the same with the exact same walking animations. the game is in early access so it only has one map, a magical fairy-looking land that is filled with giant strawberries. this is a very interesting game in the walking simulator genre and it tries to do very innovative things.-2/5
this game is ♥♥♥♥like really this game suckslike for real dont buy ittrust me matesdont do itrip $15
need to make the animals less rare and ill come back to the game for now i prefer old rust the no review will change when u fix the game
it is glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ because after i bought iti played it then when i got out of it it said u need to prchase this game
meh ill give it a 10
own payday 2 and want killing floor, but can't afford it?here's your cheap alternative. only pick this one up in a sale, it's okay but you're better off buying another dlc.
this is just pure ♥♥♥♥
i like cs source better
overkill went the way of ea and introduced microtransactions. ♥♥♥♥ this noise.
63 hours, bethesda.i loved this gamelovedit now crashes every. single. time i try to playi was going to give this game a good reviewfix your ♥♥♥♥ing game bethesda
this used to be a good game, before the infinity ♥♥♥♥ came out
well i think this game is officially going to die, its been out for a year now and yet not 1 decent patch for optimization they just keep releasing more items/dinos along with more bugs/ poor performance and terrible mechanics, it's funny i remember reading that they won't optimize the game until they complete the game, but they aren't even working on finishing their game...not to mention that wildcard is now abusing their customers, and charging $20 for dlc for a un-finished game and saying that they "undercharged us for the original game" (cost me ♥♥♥♥ing 50$ aus when it was released! and now another $28 for this "dlc")the devs are also one-sided, i was banned from all official servers for "banned for griefing player, continued abuse of breaking players housings and looting items, blah blah something about killing his dinos aswell" whilst on a pve server, um hello i can't even touch other players stuff on pve.... but thanks for asking my side of story before banning me, i even emailed them evidence and explained the situation only for them to not reply reguarded my one sided ban...
really regretting buying this game, the idea and concept of the game is amazing and it would be super fun if the game developers knew how to make a working game, but hey its ubisoft what do you expectno lag detection, bad netcoding, you die without hearing a shot but watch your killcam and the enemy is shooting you for 2-3s on the cam, terribly slow inbetween rounds,you play a 2min round wait 5mins till next round,  there has been no after work on this game after release, its buggy poorly coded and generally bad ping all round!
<to access this review, please buy review dlc for $4.99>
wtf
used to be a good game years ago, but has slowly been going down hill due to the devs trying to make a quick buck and attrack new short term players rather than trying to make robocraft a game thats fun to play for more than a few hours. farewell robocraft
doesn't seem to work properly (crashing in the early stages of the game, not saving right, etc) on windows 8 and 10.
boring, buggy, repetitive... can't remember why i bothered 100%ing this.
not worth it if you own the original + dlc.
more parts are on their way, but in the current state, it's not worth the full ten dollars. i completed it without tutorials in less than three hours, and i lack the common sense to solve most puzzles without heavy pondering.here's an actual review for you:in this game, you are a.r.i.d., an ai helping an unconcious piot to safety by controlling his mechanical suit. all this game really boils down to is a point-and-click adventure game with some short combat sequences, from a side-scrolling perspective. the atmosphere is well-made, but i feel a majority of the puzzles are a bit too open-ended (for one, you have to jump underneath a ten-foot-wide elevator where the only control panel for it is on the elevator itself).again, it's not worth it in its current state. i may change my review when more content is added.there is a twilight zone-caliber ending, though.
it's alright.it is fun, but repetitive. if you don't collect literally everything in an area, you won't be able to get that stuff ever again. that might not seem bad, but you should consider that about 5 of the achievements involve collecting all of a certain item type. that includes weapons, armor, friends, and combinations of the three.the game has a good 12 hours of playtime, but again, the combat gets repetitive.also, you shouldn't get the armor set dlcs. they are both level 2 items and you outlevel them surprisingly quickly.again, my opinion is that this game is good, but gets repetitive very quickly.
to buy, or not to buy. if it is the craving for the style of the old stronghold games that you are looking for, you will be massively disapointed. if it was a fun and involving strategy game that you are looking for, again, you are to be disapointed. if you are looking for an in depth city/castle builder, unless you've played all the anno, age of empires, and earlier stronghold games until you simply cannot stand to play them any longer, then this might be worth the buy if it is on sale.i bought this game whilst it was on sale, undetered by the overwhelmingly negative reviews i had read earlier, i foolishly bought the game with the low expectation that it would be at most a poorly re-done stronghold 3. even with those low expectations i was still let down. the campaign takes well over an hour of unskippable grinding gamplay that inst even remotely interesting before you even get to do anything remotely interesting. to make matters worse, there was no mention or easily recognisable option that would speed up the game speed, and so it was almost when i was at the end of my patience when i discovered that the only way to change game speed is with the hotkeys "+ or -", making this game a hell of a drag for the beginning of any single player matchthe multiplayer is barely any better, it shows none of the fast paced action of stronghold 2 or its predecessors, and the matchmaking was very poor and scarce.in summary, unless you have played every other strategy game you own until you cannont bear to play them for one moment longer, do not buy this game. i would instead recommend watching the opening cinematics for aoe1 in 240x 180p than recommend somebody actually buy this game and play it
had to spend a extra 7 bucks just to get the content...ubisoft you stuffed up this time.
dont play kids
to be completely honest, it's a good game, but it didn't live up to my expectations. i might have had too high expectations for it seeing as i played lego batman before this, but for me something just didn't feel right. i'd recommend that you try it if you have the money to spare and if it's on sale, but personally it's not worth the full price.
i'm not gonna go into detail, as my fellow heisters have already torn overkill a new ♥♥♥♥. all i can say is, overkill, i am dissapointed.
the gameplay is quite good and worthy of a thumbs up. ubisoft ruins the experience. constant never experienced before connection problems, gamebreaking crashes to desktop that happen often enough to feel like they're happening all the time - the fact that if your game crashes or you lose connection from a ranked game and the game ends while you're trying to turn the game back on and reconnect, you get temporarily banned from ranked games for "abandoning".  more time is spent in matchmaking than in game in r6 siege.this game is largely unfinished and like many other unfinished games, has been labelled as a finished one. i can accept that ranked play is in beta and should be reviewed as such, but the entire game as a whole is a bit broken and as a whole, should have a rating below its current.edit - i have been randomly kicked off of ranked matches and temporarily banned 3 times now, i'm actually losing ranks because of this game's flawed 'toxic community' paranoia. if you're going to temporarily ban people for prematurely leaving games, perhaps exclude those who have been thrown off games by unstable connection to unstable servers from being banned.
game is gud, pretty alrite, but one thing is, nobody plays it. fugg ;-;
this game is horrible, if you like the ♥♥♥♥♥iest spawns, physics, sounds and gameplay, go ahead."warning" this game may give you aids, hiv, cancer and a whole ♥♥♥♥load of brain cell loss.enjoy!
this game: new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc. new update, adds overpriced dlc.
game started off great, was wonderful to play and much beter that wow, now it seems that all interest is lost with this game with low players and mismatched battles and list of bugs your arm long.  i have waited a long time to give this game a review as i thoght it would be one of the best naval action games but after servers disconnecting since the xmas update things just seemed to have stalled.  no real response from dev's except "just post a log of your errors".  if and when the bugs get ironed out of this game i would recommend looking elsewhere.
nice idea, probally the best ww1 out atm but game is just not playable even on a good system.  (gtx960)  if your system can handle it it can be a great squad based game, its no cod or btfield.  a very 1 shot 1 kill game. i hope the devs keep working on it, but till then advise to keep your pennys.
haven't been this disapointed since the movie 'never ending story'.  can think of better ways to spend $60.  game looks nice but just google rainbow 6 problems.  multiplayer is a joke.
a very good game that suffers from f2p syndrome.basically you're a soldier with a tech power (cloaking, sheild, scan etc) that can hide behind objects to get stat boosts (ie: stability/accuracy) and you have to capture and/or defend points on the map. this gameplay is implemented well.its worst problems are that people that don't pay money, have to spend hours playing the game before they get gear that is normal for any other fps (ie: grenades). also you have to spend in-game currency to repair your armour (which is only a way to make you waste in-game currency)all in all, its not a bad game, but if you don't intend spending money on it then i wouldn't bother playing it.
m i c r o t r a n s a c t i o n s
it's unfortunate that i must rate this game negatively because i had such hopes for this cute little title. however ... it's a game designed to be played online, with friends against other player, etc ... but with a very poorly coded server and constant conection problems ... it's a title that is only suitable to be played solo. this is not what it was made for ... but it's the only way you will be able to play a stable match. if they fix this serious server issue, which many people are suffering from and have a decent server which does not kick 66% of players off every 5 minutes ... then ... it might be fun online. but for now ... it's a free solo game.
focking hell
this is a bad game
doesn't work on win7 64bit....zzz crashes a few seconds into it
can't get it to work.... zzzrebooted, default setttings.... keeps crashing
"input not supported error" can't get it to run in at 1080, and now can't change the resolution to anything that works. have tried -safe and -autoconfig and -w #
dragon is to op
pros: addictivecons:you cant escape its like crack but worse dont touch it its bad 32 minutes felt like 10 seconds just leave it alone
allahu snackbar meheheheheheh
this is unplayable on ultra widescreen monitors. buttons are hidden by other windows that sit at the top level and can't be dismissed. some buttons are off the edge of the screen and unreachable.in short the ui is really badly designed and needs an overhall.the rest of the game? well honestly i barely got a taste so i'll leave those opinions to others.
absolutely horrible game. the tutorial is useless, the gameplay boring as all hell. if you really want a game like this then buy game dev tycoon. it's so much better than this horrible, horrible thing.
from enemies that dodge everything i threw at them to the massive number of critical hits they inflict, and the fact that they almost always seem to go first, and the number of times they 'surprised' me putting my party out of order. rogue likes are, by their nature, difficult but this is just impossible. you want me to play this again, fix the random number generators so that the game is playable.character skills are pointless, which defeats the purpose of having them in the first place. if your going to rely purely on a random number generator then just sell that, don't dress it up with pointless character skills.
this is an amazing game. i'm not going to lie when i say there are some great times to be had here - running from wolves, trying to get home when bleeding out, shooting your first wolf; the list goes on. butthese game devs have been promising the release of the campaign or story mode for years now, each date being pushed further than the last. i've played 38 hours in this game so i feel i have some pretty good ground to say this:  a sandbox mode can only get you so far.  maps and less bugs are all i see in each update and my heart sinks a little each time, because i really love this game and all that it can do, but i've grown bored of pointless survival. no doubt you should keep updated with this game and when the story will be released, but for now...if you want just survival, play the long dark.if you want just story, play firewatch if you want both, play kona 
ewww! no! it feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dsi game do not buy took me all of a half a minute to not like this game 0.1/10
i got $65 worth of stuff for only $6 and i still feel ripped off.
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game ♥♥♥♥ all the puzzles and ♥♥♥♥ you hands of time you useless boring and hard stupid ♥♥♥♥ing piece of ♥♥♥♥
the game was fun until it was updated so you have to sell your stuff because i am a high level so i have a ♥♥♥♥ robot so i can't do anything at all!
waste of money, this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks ♥♥♥♥.
very very very boring
got excited to replace normal mmr with compendium, still 2.8k. thx gaben
"we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no microtransactions whatsoever"   that was me quoting the producer of overkill, almir listo, who lied to the faces of our community in 2013.♥♥♥♥ you almir and a special "♥♥♥♥ you" to overkill.and a 0/10 to microtransaction simulator 2016 (payday 2)
what could be better? a copy of ride to hell: retrobutionprosgraphicsprovides ideas of what to do in a zombie apocalipse consthe glitchiest game on steamno fast travelyou will always die, and then it takes 7 years to respawn and then when you do, your eliminated by a zombie version of goku or you're shot to ♥♥♥♥a game glamorized by youtubers and then it ♥♥♥♥♥ in your facecharacter customization give you nothingeats $30 of your profitpeople kill you because they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥simpossible to find ♥♥♥♥dayz fans: nobody cares if you want to rip my throught out, so don't botherany normal human being: do not click add to carti appologise...             ...for bad grammar
pro's - nice graphics,fast paced,cod and cs mixcon's - russian and us servers only meaning tons of lag .... like alot of lag,lag,lag,lag,lag,lag,lag,lag*glichoverhere*   lag,lag,lag
personally i found this the most boring and dumbest games ive everyplayed with constant boring-ness and dumbness-nessto sum my review this game sucks....alot1\10 - to much water
for a game that is 3/4 of the price of the full game, you would expect 3/4 more content. instead, we got a broken campaign, and although fun, minimal weapons and vehicles. download mods. only thing that i can say is good about this is the tanoa map, which is amazing and much better than the first two maps that came with the game.
connection lost / 10.
78 minute game for $9.99the platforming is nothing new.the narrative is nothing inspiring.the puzzels are not interesting.but the art is very good.so its got that going for it.in terms of an artistic, simplistic, platformer its alright i guess. the platforming is just so weak, and the narrative doesn't fascinate. many games out there for the same price point which will captivate you more and for longer. wouldn't recommend unless you are really into the art.
i used to love this game, i really did.it was fresh and interesting but then dlc after dlc came out slowly making the previous content obsolete and the dlc isn't exactly cheap either. overkill said at the very start "we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)"  guess what?! on the 15/10/15 microtransactions have been added to the game... skins for guns with stats tied to them to make it even more pay to win in a pve game!? absolutely ludicrous. they're milking the game for as much cash as they can and it's really disappointing. i hate to say it but i regret supporting this game with all the dlc i've bought.
can i please still have this game
rockstar have made a very ♥♥♥♥ move and decided to 'update' the game by removing a selection of great songs and by just ruining the game, save your money and buy a physical copy of the game on ebay.
alright, i'll be completely honest here.i had a lot of faith in this game when i bought it; the constant updates every day or so, the community etc. until about a month or two after, when updates basically halted to once every three weeks, and with every update that brought content or fixes, another bug would arise. this game is great in it's concept however leaving a game that has it's whole back-story/influence to a russian guy is like letting an indian direct a movie about the american civil war, it makes no sense whatsoever. this game had so much potential for growth however it looks to be just a cash-grab for the dev as he seems to be focused on making another game, and it looks to be that he is pretty much porting stuff from that game and putting it in dsj.honestly, buy it if you've got the dosh to spare, but don't expect much.
malisimo siempre se  queda pegado cuando carga la cuenta y se cierra el juego, me pide que me aga una cuenta pero ya e echo como 3 no lo recomiendo es mucha la molestia que te pide solo para iniciarlo
haha i can understand why its free, i didn't enjoy it :)
jogo parece ser bom, mas é tanto lag, mal optimização, muitos erros pra entrar numa partida...se os desenvolvedores laçar atualização que consertem isso tudo, eu recomendaria esse jogo para os meus amigos,mas por enquanto naõ recomendaria.nota 6,5/10caso se consertarem: 8,2/10
a ♥♥♥♥♥ ! nem compra vei !
i downloaded this game 3 times, it doesn't launch, its being a ♥♥♥♥♥ like csgo was... thank ♥♥♥♥ it was free, unlike csgo
im not sure if this is me or not... this ♥♥♥♥ing game doesn't open. if csgo was a number it would be below your iq i rate is piece of ♥♥♥♥ csgo/10cooldown is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ed up. i always get cooldown for csgo updates
oh my god, this is sooo boring, now its in the trash where it belongs.
boring, dry landscape and terrible graphics. i don't care if you can "fix that with mods" you get what you buy.
the price is to much for game like this
this game is minecraft. without blocks.- it has guns- it only has zombies- it has two maps.- it has a small crafting system.i think that is has a lot of potential, but right now, i'd only get it for your game count
this game is actually ♥♥♥♥ing garbage
♥♥♥♥♥♥, boring, p2w mmo that brings absolutely nothing new to the mmo table except some good graphics
rust may be the worst game of all time. this game is a mix of >insert name of generic survival game here< and the community of a large african tribe in which the members disagree with the others religious beliefs. when you launch the game and see "alpha 1000" you will understand why this game is terrible.
i would say to get this game, but all it does is crash when i just try to open the game, if you plan on getting it, wait till they fix this, cause its ruined rust for me
quite a good game but it gets boring and i would like a refund
stop reading the negative reviews.
imho: the original soldier front was and is alot better then soldier front 2 and i know im going to get alot of hate for saying that but honestly, alot better menu and navigation around the menu, alot less money hungry, more gamemode's, better maps, much less twelve year old's....
i cannot recommend this game. i wanted to like it but i can't. i am seeking a refund.- fell through the world- terrible user interface (holding a button down for two seconds to do anything in the ui)- ui clips outside of camera when zooming- basic controls not explained without checking controls list (like landing your ship)- close texture popin (sometimes making mined resources appear respawned)- useless animations for some events- no way to disable waypoints you have lost interest in, meaning they still show on your hud even if you are on a different planet- misleading claims about player interaction- misleading claims about larger events occuring- poorly optimised- revisiting prior planets resets progressaaa price charged for a slipshod buggy product that barely works. avoid
this game was great, once.until the developers ruined it. this is my opinion for 3 reasons.1. the tech treerobocraft used to be so much fun when the tech tree was there. it gave the game a purpose, something to aim for, to       unlock better gear. since that us now gone the game has no purpose, it has become minecraft 2 where you can just build whatever you like.2. the tier systemall the original players would agree that robocraft was better with the tier system. it made the game fair for everyone and made it so you could get matched with robots the appropriate level to yours. the tier system and the tech tree were what made the game great as you had to play games, earn tech points, unlock new gear and keep doing this until you could get your robot to the next tier.3. gameplayin the respawn and overclocked update the gameplay changed dramatically both negatively and positively. it made it some once you were dead you were still in the game but this damaged certain things. for me this update made the medic useless. instead of the idea of the medic helping fallen team mates and stopping team mates getting eliminated they altered it so if you were damaged you could just respawn. i know they kept the normal gamemode but no one played it. recently to help with the creation of this game becoming minecraft 2 they have made it so your robot no longer requires a pilot seat. this is stupid in so many ways and now the rail cannon has become somewhat useless. it used to be that if you headshotted a robots pilot they were instantly destroyed and still is. this means that people who don't have pilot seats have a huge advantage. overall robocraft has been completely destroyed and made unenjoyable.p.s. i used to play the game through the launcher not through steam so don't think i'm just some noob with 8.9 hours.
i don't recommend downloading dirty bomb.on the postitive side : the gamemodes are fun and unique.on the negative side: it is a fairly big download that is not worth it. dirty bomb also requires a fairly good computer to run efficiently. the loadout card systems is also a stupid concept in my opinion. in conclusion don't donwload dirty bomb.
i would be more likely to grate my head against a grater and eat the pieces then play this again. controls just aren't responsive enough
meh, passes the time
what is robocraft?robocraft is a game where you may build nearly anything you can think of, the concept is very unique the early execution was precise, one of the biggest attracting components to the game is that the building is similiar to the popular survival game "minecraft" while this sounds all good and dandy! there are many fatal flaws with this game. don't get me wrong this is a fun game, but the developers are favouring more to the newbies and ignoring what really needs to be done to keep the game in a good shape:pros:1. f2p2. very small (storage wise eg mbs and gbs)3. loads of items to obtain.cons:1. inapropriate bots (swastikas, genitals, offensive language)2. developers rarely care about people who have played for long times,3. developers don't create backups/images of robots incase a fatal error happens4. developers constantly change the way the game works,5. developers try to make you spend money on the game so that you can paint your robots.6. people using languages other than the specified one in chat.7. very repetitive.overall the game used to be incredibly fun, but then they added things like aerorods, flak cannons etc.i used to rate this game 10/10 but now the game would be lucky to be even a 0.25/10 from me,waste your life on a different game, this game is not worth the time you would spend grinding constantly
total crap waste of time errors g32 g29 lol what a joke with this kind of bug fixing speed might as well blow your company u lol dont buy waste of money and time............gg
total crap waste of time errors g32 g29 lol what a joke with this kind of bug fixing speed might as well blow your company u lol dont buy waste of money and time............gg
i loved the campaign but in skirmish vs ai is really difficult even with easy ai the just rush you that quickly i wouldnt reccomend buy the game just for the campaign as good as it is
ranking system is ♥♥♥♥ed. only get this game is you want to play something else other than competitive or don't care about your rank.
really laggy and bad for oceania need an oceania server i would recommend if there was an oceania server but for people in australia etc its pretty bad
i would of reccomended it until the most recent update, took the game a long way backwards.
game is dying so don't waste your time here not worth it, play planetside or cs instead
game is unplayable, i get below 5 fps once the game starts and my computer can run tripple a title games. other are having the problem too, it makes the game unplayable. please fix this asap, it's dog sh*t that i have to spend $79 on the game and not be able to play it.
absolute trash
absolute trash
get a knife, spam left click ,the rest of the combat is useless oh new combat mechanic set at health station adn heal adn attack a bit then heal and then the other person heals gr8 game
nope
yup, it is a good game. full of blood, gut and meat fly everywhere. i like the double barrel shotgun, that is my personal weapon. one terrible thing is there is no control option to change button to play it easy, i played the free version on my old computer.
worst game, horrible graphic, enemy kill me from no where
the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on rp is insane but i like the other gamemodes :) 7.5/10
nope.
it doesn't matter what i put here, fanboys will downvote the ♥♥♥♥ out of this regardless.
it was good until the the dlc but the reast is great
not reccommended!i bought this game thinking it would be great because i like these type of games but it doesnt work! my computer can run it but it just constantly crashes when i try to load it up or it would take forever to load and just stay on a certain percent. if they can fix this i will buy it again if it is worth it when they fix this problem. until then, it is not worth it.....
it works on my comp but the color doesnt. it is just brwn and really bright white and i cant see anything wats happening
0/10this game sucks absolute crap.fix this game nelson mandela.
pois é meus amigos aki estou eu o 123pokerface123 conhecido por esse nome no jogo fazendo uma análise negativa sobre robocraft robocraft é um mmo jogabilidade perfeita mutyplayer otimo mais praque isso o jogo esta morto agora todo mundo que joga des da beta betona tipo eu des de 2013 esta deixando o jogo de lado i indo pra outro jogo tipo crossout mesmo quando nn tinha arma medica i si voce capotace ja era meu amigo iria ficar a partida inteira la de cabeça pra baixo kkkkk ai cada vez eu peisava esse jogo tei futuro adicionarao armas novos tipos de locomoçao adicionarao um modo de jogo revolucionario o boss battle melhor que tdm um tier alto vs 10 tiers baixo i meus amigos o jogo nao parava de ficar cada vez mais melhor aadicionarao mais um novo modo o battle arena agora com novo objetivo capturar a torres... o povo ja começou a estranhar  mais até ai tudo bem passou um tempo bugs arrumados lançarao mais uma vez dai em 2014 surgi ele o grande o poderoso conheido como mega pode era como um rei na partida oq é um mega bot apenas um mega robo com 7575 de cpu ou seja 7575 cubos dai todo mundo amou fazer robos gigantescos para ir para as batalhas mais voce tinha que ralar pra fazer um mais continuando o tempo passou bugs resouvidos ai eles fizerao uma cagada ja removerao o boss battle mais em recompeisa colocarao um novo modo chamado the pit todos contra todos melhor modo ja feito pra mega ai continuou i vc acah q continuou esse mar de rosas assim claro que sim até 2015 que foi quando começarao a pegar coisa do lol i colocar no jogo nada contra primeiro forao os pigs de orientaçao do mapa venha aki perigo aki estou acaminho aki etc até ai de boas ningue si importou muito ai veio uma praga conhecido como tersseracts que era uma caixa aprova de balas voadora oq aconteceu por causa dela fj----> oque podemos fazer pra acabar com os tersseracts ja sei vamos focar em armas anti aerias agora ai o ar foi praticamente extinto .... oq poderiao fazer pra estragar o jogo mais ahahaha kk .-. vamos remover todos os cubos i agora vai ter só um tipo de cubo pintavel + 1 arma de pintar coisas ....... i eis que surgi o spect combat até ai de boas um update fantastico  todo bugado como sempre masi nois esperamos tivemos paciencia i os bugs forao arrumado depois disso tirarao a regeneraçao instatanea do the pit ai cada vez mais o jogo foi piorando colocando uma barra de energia 5 tipos de armas em apenas um robo i ai fizerao uma coisa que pramin ja foi o fim de robocraft removerao os megas ....motivo fj disse que nn tava tendo muito tempo de cuidar de mega bot entao resouverao tirar do jogo pra melhorar pq mano pq .... ai o update masi recente o epic loot no qual eu fiquei pobre  perdi a maioria das minhas cosias i no qual voce si sente preso tendo que abrir + de 50 caixas pra comsseguir um item lendario i agora o update amis recente que eles lançarao aumentando o hp de tudo no jogo pra 50% a + impossivel de matar algue agora de smg etc sen contar que eles estragarao a smg i o plasma i sniper umas das primeiras armas do jogo ja feitas  junto com a arma medica que ja foi morta no spectre combat por causa dá regeneraçao i oq eu acho disso meus amigo robocraft teve sua época boa de ouro que era quando tinha cubo t1-tx-1 que nas batalhas o foco era o mega era o rei da partida si o mega morrece tinha 90% de chance de o time morrer por causa que o mega morreu no jogo inteiro ja tive 1 titolo o rei do the pit sempre sabia oque fazer nas horas de fero i bem meus amigo isso foi oq achei do jogo foi bom enquanto durou mais eu 123pokerface123 vou parar de jogar assim que crossout sair da closed beta  talvez eu volte a jogar si eles colocar o mega dnv mais no momento o jogo ta muito enjuativo fj nn esta escutando oque a comunidade quer i estao estragando o jogo cada vez mais entao meus amigos aki é 123pokerface123 i esstou deixando robocraft de lado até mais...
orivel :/
this game is a piece of **** everytime you try and join someone it crashes everytime you try to play it crashes. this game is not worth $25 its not even worth $0 this is trash!!!!
down right worst game of the series its even worse than empire at launch, so many glitches, 1 turn per year wtf so there is no point of upgrading your generals because they die in 20 turns, agents are useless, mutiplayer is barebones with mp campaigns more glitchy than in shogun 2 with a desinc every 2 turns and a crash every 3 assuming you wont have your 80th birthday while the game goes through all the factions turns. p.s they milk you for the dlcs
♥♥♥♥ing keys and skins before the game is done. stop the mircotrasactions!
the launcher has been broken for 5 days, you cannot make an account to play. gg free reign entertainment, good way to make a name for yourself.
♥♥♥♥ game, no aussie servers. dont waste your time downloading this crap, its more fun eating a jar of pickled onions then playnig this.
a good fighter till the bad memory leak problem that some how got through testing eats all your ram then crashes the game. who the hell ever tested this needs a smak in the head and to never test games again. worth picking up if you can get it cheap and you are a fan of mk or fighters.**update** after the latest patch, they fixed a few issues, but the bad memory leak is still present.**update** since the latest patch the bad memory leak has been fixed, the online is still hit and miss                             with lag. other then that it runs fine, but still not worth the store asking price. have fun :)**update**as of now wb and nrs have decided to drop the pc verion of mkx and only work on the console version, which means there will be no kombat pack 2 or the ggpo netcode for pc players and no more patches. wb + nrs fix for this is for you to buy a $400 subpar par machine + online subsctiption and buy the game again if you want to play mkx with the latest updates and fixes. fu wb.
why the game is awfuly terrbile and why you should not get it 1. the game's stealth mechanics are total crap2. nazi zombies are what devs use when they have no ideas3. very short (i finshed it in 6.3 hour and i was lost alot of the time)4. the boss (if you can call it that) is weaker then a nanny with cancer5 i rate it a decent score of 5 outta 10 because its gameplay is not too terrible but still i bit terrible to the point that i am typing this upto sum it all up its not worth your money and you should get the other wolfenstein but just not this one because like i said it is awfulp.s i got this for free when i pre-ordered doom
é um otimo jogo bem criativo com muita possibilidades, mas não consigo conectar para jogar com meus amigos, toda vez que eu vou loga no server do meu amigo diz que o servidor não pode responder, e quando eu crio a sala e ele tenta conectar acontece o mesmo, o servidor não pode responder.espero que eles arrumem isso nas proximas atualizações.
its a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weeb monoply actualy lost halve my brain cells playing this game
it's pretty garbage. personally, i think it sucks ♥♥♥, waste of my money, i'd rather of bought dlc for arma 3 or something, everyone kos's which i don't mind, but the thing is they are so overpowered, you constantly get jumped by groups of like 6 people who have the best gear in the game. you can't do anything to fight back against them. and so many people buy these airdrop ticket things which lets them call in airdrops and get super op gear. 1/10 (for having deadly zombies)
complete ♥♥♥♥. it's fairly cheap which is good but there is almost no loot to be found, there isn't really a proper survival feel to it it's basically just like an extended mission it ends after a couple of hours, you either do free for all or tdm, hackers are really bad in it, they have some stupid thing where if you press escape it logs you out of the server, graphics are kind of ♥♥♥♥, all in all i give it a 3/10.
this game is complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, i downloaded it in about 5 seconds, spent about 30 minutes trying to setup my ♥♥♥♥ account for it, then after another ♥♥♥♥ing update to play it, i join a server, correction, i attempted to join a server, then i get this lovely message "attempted login..." "login successful" "in queue:estimated wait time:265 minutes" what the ♥♥♥♥? so i try changing from one of the 3 servers, i change from us to eu,  213 minutes? what the ♥♥♥♥, try joining pts-us, invalid credentials??? what the ♥♥♥♥ this game is so ♥♥♥♥ i give it -1000/10 like what the ♥♥♥♥ you stupid ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, theres no settings for the game, the music is ♥♥♥♥ and super ♥♥♥♥ing loud, i'd rather masturbate with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spiky glove then play it.
i don't know, it just, it sucks. plain and simple, it is literally trash, multiplayer and singleplayer alike are both trash, the only time it's been decent is when you first get the game, the first like 3 hours, other than that it sucks.
almost 3 years, and having gotten absolutely no where, still in early access, unresponsive dev's, just stay away from this one guys...
not my style.
don't waste your time, buggy, glitchy poorly optimized and not even woth 10 cents. i've played better alpha games than this. to say this game is ♥♥♥♥ is being kind. connected after several crashes on startup for no apparent reason. it drops connectivity and has some of the worst clipping i have seen just trying to get out of the spawn. if anything the dev's should be paying people superflous amounts of money to play this game.
♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ game'
reallyl hard aassssss gamemmem
rip ark 2016
refund/10. i was more dissapointed than my girlfriend in bed.
i have played them all, this one is ok not greatbiggest isssue other game itself are the hacks you need to get rid of them or at least try. they are seriously erroding you franchise at least on pc, i wonder if you care? i know from the people whoi play hc with the same hacks play all the time and while everyoner reports they remain. i have heard that some players have even taken legal steps under australian consumer law ie assessing the game as not "as advertised ". wake up before you don't have a core fan base on pc if you care???
it dose not work for my pc it keeps freezing, crashing please if you know whats going on please tell me ?
better off getting rainbow six: siege instead of this game due to the community.like srsly i killed 2 people on the enemy team then all of a sudden they vote kick me.0/10
skins, cause why not?its an ok game, it just gets boring after a while
this game... sucks big time like i mean sure great graphics i guess not bad npc intellegence but it is a total waste of money and if you are going to buy it a big risk as for alot of people online play does not work and for another lot of people single player has a very annoying glitch of how it crashes every 10-30 minutes... this game is unplayable if you have both... and yes i have both and there are no fixes for me not to mension ubisoft doesnt know/ doesnt care about it and hasnt fixed it. ive also heared that there are alot of hackers and 90% of games you join are filled with hackers so they have not even sorted out a security system... this game would be alot better if it actuelly work because in its current state its unplayable2/10
i really just didnt like this like i mean i can see the fun you can get out of this free to play fps game but the fact that if you dont want to spent money on this game your going to get a giant beat down from other players who do spend money. this game looks great and as the trailer says you can customise your weapons so much buti just got so sick of the players killing you so quickly with there bought guns the only enjoyment i got in the end was running around with a knife.
this game gets very boring very fast. i mean if you are a giant fan of star trek and you have money to spend then sure you will probably love this game and play it for along time but im not a big fan of star trek and the fact that it gets so repedative makes me want to just never play it again. the ai difficulty is also really odd as at one point the ai will be hard and challenging to kill and the next minute the ai will be so easy. the combat was interesting at first though as you can decide where to shoot your phazer (star trek gun) or you can just click an enemy and let your character do everything but as i said it got very repedative and just boring.
this game has a mind off it own. fram rate drop so much since launch evan having a high end pc. when having anti virus protection ( i used avg but now different one) the game love to lock up your pc. if have a anti virus program installed the game crash on boot up or in a middle of a zombie game. the game alright but if you want to play a good cod game play waw or black ops 1 or black ops 2. i would recommend this game if you like zombie or campaign. but the multiplayer still need a fix spawn feel like black ops 2. and pay to get cool stuff in the black market. if you don't mind the spawn and the over powers vmp pick up this game. this is one of the good cod game in the pass 2 year. if you have a friend over and want to play coop cod this game the only cod that you can play split screen on the pc witch i like
good game, but has one of the worst match making engines i have ever seen. takes way to long to get into a game
o meu jogo nao abre mais fica dando defeito nao inicia e ja fiz de tudo desinstalei e instalei denovo e fica falando que alguma coisa fez o jogo parar de funcionar feche o aplicativo
i have played 2.6 hours roughly and about 2.55 of those hours were spent in the menu screen getting cards to make money. guess what my rating would be.
this game could have earned more respect and gained my talent if it werent for all the having rent and paying this the only way to get stuff forever! ingame credits is so hard to get. the playermodels suck balls, the phyics are terrible. community dieing. id rather go play the first counter strike game then this. pros:good featuresbetter then cod ghostsbetter then warz/infesation survivor storiesnice items in the storefun to laugh and get competitive aboutcons:bad physics terrible playermodelssometimes it can be a pay 2 win!not work being put into this gamepeople that can pay dominate easy peesy
i hate this game with a forever lasting passion.the arma engine was never made for melee, so that doesn't work in dayz. i can break my legs from jumping down just about over a metre with barely any "weight" in terms of inventory. servers are still horrible, drop out frequently and etc.yes i know, this is a "pre-alpha", but it's running off of a base game that has been around for a fair while, so you'd think that even early access it would still be better than this god forsaken trash.i paid $30 for this game which has had nothing but good reviews, granted i hated the mod, i wanted to see what the fuss was all about. what a waste of that $30 for only 3 hours of game play for such a high rated peice of junk.where a game such as infestation: survivor stories gets nothing but crap, and i have over 500 hours on it because it's not a horrible peice of junk. it's had its issues, like every other game, but people just got butthurt and decided they stand by their hatred indefinately. with dayz, i have had nothing but issues. no way to store anything, so if i die, i lose everything that i have played so many hours to obtain. no possible way to "trust" anyone, granted at anytime you can be "stabbed in the back". and, last but not least, the environment is absolutely abhorrent, the sun is waaaay too bright, doors are sometimes too small, stairs are buggy at best, movement inside a building is a struggle at the best of time, and i could go on but i'll just stop there.so, $15 for i:ss and i get 500+ hours. double that for dayz and i get 3 hours, not worth a single set in my opinion, but hey, not that many listen to a "hater" of sorts, but behind this hate is an avid gamer who loves to enjoy a good game, and this is not one of the game i enjoy, so it goes into my "crap" category in my steam library.the moral of this story: don't trust reviewers. their opinions are worth nothing. go with your gut and hate what you hate, but atleast give it a go, especially if you get it for free. ;p
todo se compra..... ninguna gracia que este juego se encuentre en la sesion free to play
my mate from school gifted me this 'fine' creation.we're no longer friends.'nuff said.
so, you've owned your all so powerful gaming rig for years now. you miss the emotional strain,  the constant struggle of a low frame rate and you wish to experience it once more.well, you're in luck! for this abomination is so poorly f*cking optimised that your beast of a pc will barely be able to run it with a solid 1 frame per f*cking second!11/10, best uninstall simulator ever.
gameplay launch issues but good storyline, and horrible pc play
was great gamenow is badvolvo plz fix
the tt cloud system id f***ed!doesn't save the game at all!
just... don't. no, please!
this game is essentially battlefield 1943 on pay 2 win.want a better game? http://battlefield1943.com/content/game
don't buy, ♥♥♥♥ game, trash, rank 3, pssshh, rank 2 still after a week. takes forever to rank up. used to be good without the ranking system back in the dayz. worst game, remove or make system easier to level, trash game. spit on you, spit spit
don't buy, ♥♥♥♥ game, trash, rank 3, pssshh, rank 2 still after a week. takes forever to rank up. used to be good without the ranking system back in the dayz. worst game, remove or make system easier to level, trash game. spit on you, spit spit
worst port of all time, completely ruined the game for me after 2+ years of unplayable errors and problems. my entire play time is dedicated to trying to fix this game and it was all fruitless in the end, buyer beware
i put my resolution too high so now i can only see half of the creen and i cant fix it
it's soooo good! now i just wish i could play it.
ok. don't like this game. i have a question. how do you even deal damage? the servers never have me connect and my frame rate is always really low. not to mention i bought it for $20 and now its free. stuff this game
เเม่งเลยไม่ได้
thank you for too much game crash
เกมกากสัส
don't bother. the online mode is the only decent thing about the game and even then, it's technically pay to win to be able to get the good stuff. just go buy a different game with your money. don't learn the hard way.
pros-i got it for a 14 cents-interesting ideas-trading cards-nostalgic-the view-changing mechanics are goodcons-the graphics-gameplay-no story-no achievements-enemies are too tanky-enemies are seem to be the same-it's boring; its not fun-clunky controlsoverall, i do not recommend this game, i mean sure im kinda happy with the price i got it for but i truly do not recommend this game because it has good ideas but it gets them all wrong like the main character able to change colours and abilites that is a good idea but its so bad. i literally played for like 5 mins and after that i just left the game on for the trading cards and once they were all out, i immediately uninstalled this game. i mean if you get it as cheap as i did then you can but its honestly not worth it.rating: don't get it/ get it on salefinal verdict: 3/10
just to note throughout the entire game, you are shooting talibanspros-smooth gameplay-strong and good gun sound effects-developed along with with dice-multiplayer is playable...i guess- dusty a.k.a. grizzly adamscons-too generic-developer =ea-its a military fps-doesn't live up to the 'medal of honor™' name -crap a.i.-feels like some cod but just slapped on with the medal of honor trademark-no recoil for some weaponsoverall, this name is not good. it does not live up the medal of honor name and to be honest from this game onwards, the medal of honor games don't get any better. just get airborne or any of the classics since the new ones are too generic, bland and boring as hell. ...same goes with cod and battlefield.
amazing game, but when ever it changes maps it crashes. very upset that i wasted my money and i cant fix it. help me fix it if you can
2/10 -dumb as ♥♥♥♥
eu nao consiguo ver as armas e nem os personagens ,eles ficam em tela preta ,até quando vou jopgar a tela fica preta com umas partes que dao pra ver mas o resto ficam pretos, queria mt jogar esse jogo mais nao consiguo por causa disso ,gostaria que vcs me falasem qual é o bug que esta acontecendo ,ou se for bug do jogo arrumen pffpf
it keeps hanging on the login screen.
it keeps hanging on the login screen.
se tu quiser jogar com teus amigos n compra que esse lixo tem q usar hamachi e n funfa é um lixo n compra essa bosta
it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then moms sasuages
the last time i saw this game it was a bloody internet game how did it get on steam!! and another funny thing it has a good amount of players
help it keeps coming up as error and it wont let me play planetside 2 help me plz
ok hi this is aimed at the devs... this game is cancer it is an absolute peice of crap all you idiots care about is making money and then ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ off i love that it's taken 2 fkn years to put one single vehicle into the game! zombies still walk through walls, your character resets everytime i log back in and it's frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate this game! anyone who reads this should immediatly uninstall dayz and get a refund if thats not possible go back to the mod it's still better then this pile of craptherfore i would like to add screw you devs and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ work :)
waste of money
the prices are ♥♥♥♥ed up the texture are ♥♥♥♥ed up the game doens't even seem fun at all and it is the worst game i ever seen
♥♥♥♥ing hell! lag like ♥♥♥♥ cant play just join then lag out not respoind wtf man i using alien ware computer the fastest computer in the world then it is still lagging me out wtf pls dont download this game it sucks~!
not a bad game, but it gets old after about 30mins....
meh
awesome entertainment to kill sometime..!!!
worth for money spend but recent updates made the games go bat ♥♥♥♥.. lag,network problem everything. please do make good server with a decent ping rate...
awesome entertainment to kill sometime..!!!
awesome entertainment to kill sometime..!!!
i don't recommend this game. in my opinion, it's very boring. i played maybe around 15 minutes of it, not even that, and i ended up quitting the game.
tries to be total war but doesn't meet up to the challenge. 5.5/10
no microtransactions
possibly the biggest waste of money ever created, developer's give 0 care to customer's and practically gives you the finger if you buy this game. full of hackers and the developer refuses to acknowledge it or do anything about it, they refuse to patch in something to eliminate hackers. reporting on this game serves about as much use as sticking your big toe in a bowl of hot water while trying to keep warm in antarctica.
by far the worst game on steam, never have i ever seen such a failure of a game, how can you push a game with microtransactions and have such a pathetic excuse for a votekick system. hackers nearly every single round, can't votekick anyone unless they're on your team though. did i mention this game has microtransactions? yes, you can pay real life money to get crappy pay 2 win weapons, armour, etc; not that it matters, because the hackers have basic guns and infinite headshots.
nowhere near as complete as earlier editions. rpg elements mostly stripped out, special and perks reworked so every character feels generic. charisma builds pointless, no path through the game for an evil character, weak dialogue. landscape largely empty and same-y compared to earlier editions. settlement building was a good idea, but execution is terrible here. weakest game in the series by far. haven't bought dlc but heard it's horrible. if this wasn't bethesda, and a fallout game, i'd give it a 7. but against what these guys are capable of it's a 5. save your money.
buy arma ii for 10 bucks cheaper, get the better-in-every-way dayz mod for free. dating a girl who tried to get me into this, banged all day in pause menu and can't get refund now. 8/10 would do again. you'd think valve would have enough of a rep to protect to do something about this "early-access" model as this is the case study of how 12 dudes can pick up their kickstarter money and give everyone the finger.seriously though, i didn't even get involved in a learning experience before putting this broken piece down. it's an overly ambitious project that is broken, and will stay broken. the devs have their money and they are done doing any real work. it is a 10 fps walk through an empty level design. don't buy this thinking it will come into fruition, having engaged the community and done a little research it's a no-hoper.
game is buggy, crashes system, pay to win is everything, no chance to replay awful games in career mode, no one plays multiplayer, massively overpriced
it sucks the mod sucks
to be honest, i love the game and yea... it can get repetitive at times but its a great game, i like it. that was until the new hunters came along, they are pretty overpowered i mean... as a goliath they wrecked me... as stage 3 goliath they can easily take you down. they really need to nerf the new hunters. please dont be one of those "pay to win" i mean its your choice to buy the new hunters, but in my vision, they are pay to win hunters... behemoth is a totally different story though, these new hunters can just take down behemoth so ♥♥♥♥ing easily because of that weakspot on his stomach. anyways if you want to spend your hard earned cash or the cash your parents gave you... get it, just remember... its very repetitive even though "every match plays out differently" that is true but you play as the same hunters or monsters except for the new hunters... (that will end shortly though) but you play on the same maps over and over. if you dont like repetitive games, i highly recommend you dont get this game. in my eyes, this could have been a better game if it were just for pc, this game was meant for pc to and not for ♥♥♥♥ing xbox or ps4 (if it is on ps4) i dont look into that kind of stuff. well safe hunting everyone.
i gave this a chance , any game in the total war franchise deserves it . although what they were aiming for is what i wanted, please dont waste your time . it falls miserably short of anything enjoyable . when i heard about this i was excited . when i played this i was extremly dissapointed . i wanted to rage quit after 5 min . 8 seconds to build a dam to block an entire river .8 hours to harvest wood / wheat . o_0 . . . . . ♥♥♥♥♥ srs ???not to mention a bug caused me to start again with another account . . . . . and i also had to quit and rejoin multiple times to continue early story/guidence .micro transactions destroy any kind of competition or fun in what you do as you progress through the game .anything can be bought , upgraded , fast built or gathered if you want to pay for it . dont bother .
this game is broken.
this hunk of should be awsomeness takes 20 minutes to boot, refuses to force quit or quit at all, frame lag happens no matter what. dissapointing
way too much dlc
this game had true potential... but because of the developers i can't really say that anymore, for now at least.- i cannot recommend this game in its current state
esse jogo deveria ser pago pois há pessoas entrando nos servers o tempo inteiro é um inferno... se o jogo fosse pago iria ser uma beleza.... sem falar dos bugs né.
o jogo em si é bom eu adorei... porem só pude joga-lo uma vez pq ele quando termina de carregar o mapa ele fecha do nada...
ไม่เเนะนำอย่างยิ่ง ._.ข้อเสียว่าด้วยเรื่องด่าน-ยากเกินไป-ไร้ที่กำบัง(มีอะมีเเต่มันยิงทะลุมาโดยได้เฉย)ว่าด้วยของอาวุธ-ปืนลูกซอง ยังกระรอกเช่นเคย-อาวุธประชิดทั้ง4นั้นไร้ประโยชน์อย่างมากว่าด้วยเรื่องหน้ากาก -ดูปัญญาด้อยดี-ปลดล็อกโคตรยากข้อดี-เเพะหน้ากากกวนบาทาดี-หน้ากากสวย
it's quite sad that i've had to come to writing this review. i've invested 600 hours of my life into this game, yet i am still terrible no matter what class i play. tf2 has been a great ride. i was late to the game, arriving to steam in early 2015. obviously, as most people do, i picked up tf2 first. being a console player at the time, i was amazed at the game being free. i played about 6 hours all at once when i first played, and was addicted. i played like that for 1 whole year. obsessed. then suddenly, in late 2015 (i think) gun mettle happened. this changed up the game alot, with a bunch of up and downsides, although i loved the new map, suijin. they cs:go-ified tf2 a little, although i didn't care, and continued playing the game. the next major update was tough break, which in my opinion, wrecked the game. nevertheless, i kept on playing, having fun on pubs. pubs. valve servers. in this very recent update valve removed valve servers, and replaced them with casual mode. it isn't very casual though, as it's a big hassle trying to get into a game, and it doesnt let you pick your own game. i like to pick a game with low latency and about 20 people playing. i like the new hud, but casual is trying way too hard to be competitive. recently i have decided to quit tf2. this is an extremely sad thing for me to do, but i no longer find this game enjoyable. i do not recommend this game to my fellow steam users. thank you for reading my review on the game team fortress 2.
it's absolutely dead.
well, i don't have much to say about the game. the north american shut down, leaving only european servers. as an australian, i rarely, if ever, get a stable connection to europe. i.e, i can't play the game at all. i can't even launch it.edit: i managed to get into the game. it looks okay, loading time is a little long for what the game looks like. but that's okay. i managed to get into a match, even with enough people in the queue i think they were all ai's, they had first/last names. maybe the playerbase is just weird. the big problem was aforementioned connection issues. i couldn't do anything, moving was constant rubber banding between where i started and where i was trying to move to.don't get me wrong, it looks like a decent game. i'd play this. but i can't recommend it with such atrocious servers, and not even having servers for everyone else. if there were north american servers, i'd recommend this game.
buy it. support it. it's awesome. i will find you if you don't.^ kek, what an old report.personally i think you shouldn't play this game, although it might get better in a few years.i bought this game as soon as it came out, i bought the founders two pack. it was fun, pretty buggy, but it was full of promise. skip forward a few years later. the game is worse. lets talk about starting the game. the game is slow to start. starting a game will take just as long, and when you get into the game itself, prepare for unoptimized slowness. the game runs terribly, is riddled with bugs and the devs generally don't add any new content. if this was developed by a good indie team, or an aaa team (oh, did i forgot to mention they fired several people who worked at bioware, and hired some scrubs?), it would be amazing. the concept is great, i would have really looked forward to this game shining, but the devs are horrible. i do not recommend this game.
oh payday i wish i could love you but like a drug ridded best friend as much as i hope you recover, i wish you would die.
a few years later and i still want my money back...in all honesty, its alright i guess, though the story is a bit jumpy at times and not as satisfying as the others with mediocre multiplayer games. if you really like cod then you should avoid it and spend your time playing other ones instead, well whatever.
1 wordpay2win
trash
the game isn't optimized for pc, the core game-play is repetitive and mechanics tiresome. this game should've been released as an early access with a $20 price tag.i'd gladly try the game again after a few updates (hopefully) and when the game goes on sale.sadly nms is the first game i've ever refunded on steam, such a disappointment.
♥♥♥♥&*)%^
only games are zombies, no pvp gun fights, still fun if you get a server of friends
very hard to get used to and very heavy "pay to win" game style
wtf is this game developer doing. 2.2 gb and 1.9 gb for dlc update? wtf man ? please someone sue the developer!
terribly buggy, boring with constant performance issues when there shouldn't be. 16gb ram and gtx 760, can't run at lowest settings above 40fps
holy ♥♥♥♥ the beggining to this game is the most boring thing i have done voluntarily in my life
very glitchy don't buy it at full price maybe on a sale. 3/10
insurgency with microtransactions and uplay
terrible
-easy to play-friendly community-leveling system is fair and not difficult to do-customisation for days-multiple characters to choose from-hours of gameplay available-emersive world that will bring you fun and joy-not cod 2/10 would not waste time playing this game
2015.12.11 bought this game from indiegala mixcellaneous bundle.2016.03.22 key was removed from steam.good for you , groupees interactive!!!!!!!!!
terrible experience with "games for windows live".
not as fun as it could be. the weapon switch delay is frustrating, even if it is "fair". weapon feel is off, hitboxes seem wrong.the way tooltips open partially offscreen. the grappling hooks are enticing, but crippled. some of the boss fights are stiff, frustrating, grindy. the difficulty curve is too steep in places. tech progression is scarce.
pros- you get to play as an evil little girl who wants to watch "the world burn"- you get to ogle at naked men(pre-re release version)- realistic ragdoll physics- unreal engine 4- free original soundtrack(check your yohjo sim ost folder)cons- steam version got censored due to conservative gamers' complains.(you can still get the uncensored version via the website).- one map that takes you like lesser than 5 mins to explore- repetitive, no objectives, no goals or whatsoever, you can get bored pretty damn fast.- barely any objects to interact with in-game.overall: 1/10 whenever i see this game in my library i wonder what happened to my $5.
เกมเล่นไม่ได้กากก
me from months ago: brilliant, just mintme at this current time: cashgrab 2almir pls.
♥♥♥♥ game none/10 bad game.causes severe fits of rage,torrets,lack of knowing how to spell torrets,agressive bowel movements and raging boners nice graphics style with nice enviroments blocked by the natures prophet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trees 10 out ten mums would reccomend to teens for relieving their teem angst and stress.dont buy bad game.edit: holy ♥♥♥♥ that's cancer
just a heads up to any and all who intend to play warframe.i have had to battle my way through paypal/warframeto get a refund back because of lacking information on the forums to do with a product.it started with just a refund of ingame money, due to no reply for almost a month, i demanded a refund of real money back.not going into details of what the case was.paypal, have sided with me, after 14 business days saying my claims are valid and i have a right of refund.warframes response was to suspend/ban my account for 20 years, due to this.just a massive warning to any and all who play this game, they show no compassion nor do they care for your rights as a person. yes the game is free great, but all they want is your money, the second you ask for a refund due to a real reason, they will bite you in the butt and throw you under the bus.share this so people are aware, free to play really is not all that great, and warframe have shown that.due to legal rights at this point in time, i'm unable to show the conversations i've had between paypal and the warframes support until the case is completed.
liar ♥♥♥♥♥... aint multyplay
whhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
call of duty ghost was crap, i rather eat a card bord box filled with light bulbs then play this crap game ghost again. not joking this game was realy bad.
r.i.p payday it was a good game until the dlc incidentpayday gang now wants to steal your wallet 
cancerous as ♥♥♥♥
this game is horrible and full of cheats.every server i went to there were players flying in mid-air, hovering around in mid-air and one shot killing me and other players. even with both anti-cheats systems in place, lots of people still hack in this game, which makes the game unplayable and unenjoyable.a typical run in rust begins with you running for 2 minutes, then being head shotted or instantly killed by a fellow player. this is what happens 90% per cent of the time to players who don't hack while the cheats can do as they please because they are armed to the teeth. the community in this game is a joke (more like a community of trolls and angry children), which most people just kill you for the hell of it. there is no team work or friendly people to build alliances with in this game and it in the end becomes a battle between you and the hackers/ hacker groups, which you don't stand a chance. to sum this game up, is to say that it is a run and get gunned down simulator, unless of cause you use hacks.don't waste your money on this crap game! it will be 20 dollars down the drain.
this game is utter rubbish, and proof that you should never buy a game from valve that is mainly multiplayer.this game has ridiculous recoil for all the weapons to a point that you don't need to aim the weapon, just spray and pray, which really demeans the whole fps genre. its extremely sad that this game is played in e-sports, as it really is just garbage compared to other fps shooters such as battlefield and dare i say it... call of duty. the so called pros at this game use multiple accounts to keep new comes from advancing in rank, which even if you prove you can out shoot them, they just (switch) cheat with aimbot and wall-hacks and add there hitbox manipulation, so as to hult you from advancing any further. valve knows this kind of thing happens, so do the e-sports people, but they allow it cause in the end, it creates them money. like most valve games and community sites, when you try to report these hackers and use names, which is normal when submitting a report, you get punished for making the report, while the hacker remains untouched. valve will even ban you from community sites for speaking up again hackers, which you will find after playing this game for 20 hours, that it has more then its fair share of cheats and code abusers. you can also report in game, but valve will just ignore it, must like the hackers do when you let them know, you know what they are doing.the ranking system is also complete garbage, your ranked on mvp stars, not actual skill with weapons and encounters, as steam whould have you believe otherwise. the amount of teenagers with mental problems who play this game is also a major issue, as they exist to troll the crap out of you and not play the game, which once again valve not only tolrates, but encourages. then there is the constant boxed content garbage that forces you to by a 2.50 key just to unlock a skin that can be brought on the market for 50 cents. this is of cause how valve make there money, by making you buy stupid over-priced keys.  
this game is extremely horrible, and extremely frustrating.this game fees extremely rushed, and created by a team who are new to the industry.yes, the game in the first 30mins of gameplay feels fun, running around causing chaos, and blowing stuff up. that however, is the fun part of the game. the frustration first begins when you have to constantly log into squareunix servers, which constantly happens, and takes 2+ minutes just to work. the next thing that will have you getting mad is wanting to restart a minigame, only to once again having to connect to the game server... cause you just lost contact again. then as you start to play the game, the game pauses because once again... you lost connect to the servers and now have to wait another five minutes to connect! this game is nothing but a wait simulator, nothing more.the control config in this game is horrible, press 'e' to set a mine and press 'e' to enter a vehicle is just wrong!the steering in this game is bad, vehicles in this game feel like im playing a 1990 nintendo racing game.the graphics in this game is bad, just cause 2 had better graphics.save your money, don't touch this piece of garbage.2/10
so i brought this game because it did looked like a nice space sim, and i have always wanted to play another space sim, but have not found any recient space sims appealing. the first 60 hours of the game were great, the spaces ships felt great, the atmosphere was great. the after a few days of getting into the game everything when downhill. the space ships were expensive, the replacement cost was getting higher and higher, the missions at the stations were still only offering 10k per job, and all of this became not only became a huge grind for credits (in-game money) but it really wasnt even worth doing as i was being constantly kill by players in pythons and anaconda space ships (the best ships in the game.)to sum things up is that i got really bored of this game very quick, as all it really seems to be is 400 something star systems with with same 4 types of space stations, and 20 of the same space craft.pros+nice hud.+nice space station design. +nice sound of thrusters.+nice space ship design.cons-repeative gameplay.-lack of space station design.-lack of space ship design.  -expensive ship replacment (if player is destroyed)-lack of jobs-lack of credits paid for jobs.-unbalanced ships.-is not new player friendly-paying for different paint job with real money.-players in high tech ships such as the python and anaconda destroying you, just to troll you.this game felt like it had great potential, but is nothing more then a copy and paste game, which features the same solar systems with the same 4 types of space stations everywhere in the game.
this game is utter garbage and a complete waste of time, and money.i brought this game because of the hype that it was a classic rpg, which lived up to the fame of past titles like bolders gate, and icewind dale series, thinking that it would be great experience just like the other titles that obsidian entertainment had been a apart of in the past. i quickly fould out however that the only thing this game really shares in common with past rpg's is the on-screen layout. the first big problem with this game is that it is full of crappy useless lore in that 80% of the lore in this game, is really unrelated to the storyline, other then reminding you of an ability you already have (reading souls.) this is a big problem because it actually makes it harder to even understand the plot of the game, or will make you either not care for the plot, and can even make you want to quit the game because it just seems like nonsense even for an rpg. the second problem with this game is the game mechanics itself, in which there is only a slight few differances between classes, but not enough to make them feel unique or stand out in the party, for example, the rogue, barbarian, fighter, monk, and paladin only have about 8 different abilities that seperate them from each other, the rest of their abilites are commonly shared between all classes in the game. another example is that you don't need a rogue to disable a trap, as any class with "mechanics" skill can disable traps, and is available to all classes.the third problem with this game is when experiance is earned, in that combat dosn't earn experiance unless you kill a group of creatures for an achivement, like 10/10 monkeys slain. this makes combat useless and really feels like a slap in the face when you spend a few hours slaying a dragon, only to be rewarded with a few ingredients and no exprience points what so ever. the forth problem with this game is the ai, in that your team members will not auto-attack enemies, even when they come running towards your party. even worst still is that during the end game, enemies won't attack you, but instead just stand on the spot waiting for you to kill them. during my playthrough i watched as the adra dragon was slain by 4 beetles, 3 spiders and a white fox, while the rest of my geared up party waited on the otherside of the map. i killed the final boss of the game without any of my party losing even 1 hp, thats how bad the ai was.this game honestly felt cheap and very rushed. the story made very little sense, and what did make sense felt very bland and boring. the areas/levels of the game were nothing new and looked average at best. the combat felt like a constant grind. 4/10.
titanfall 2 black ops is a great game if your a 12 year old child with add, who can't shoot and enjoys spraying and praying. if however you are above the age of 12, then this game blows.!. no aim required, the hit boxes register even if you are not aiming at the target.2. pressing c allows you to dive into the target, making it impossible for them to shot you, which sucks if your the once aiming and the other person is pressing c and spraying.3. weapon range doosn't matter at all, such as an smg is as power as an assault rifle, mainly due to the small map size of most maps.4.small maps. why give me a dam sniper rifle class, for small maps?5. class specials, not even needed and only really promotes the female classes.6. maps are the same as previous cod's and even very similar to titanfall7.they borrowed an awful lot from crysis, there is a black charactor called prophet, and a charactor called nomad, who are exactly the same as the charactors in crysis. 8. weapons don't feel like weapons, they feel like broken nerf guns.9. no tutorial on what does what, no screen that explains what the buttons do.10. this game is so fast pace you would why they added a feature that allows you to scroll into your site of your weapon.this game really just feels like every other cod game after cod:mw1, its just a fps for hypoactive kids, who are high off red bull and looking for an excuse to cry out "noob." outside of that it really is hard for an young adult to find any kind of fun with this game, as it is just so overly paced for a shooter.
i literally downloaded this game for the memes, but the memes we're definitley not dream memes. the memes in this meme told me that my dreams aren't good enough for my memes. bottom line- this is not good pls do sometin gud
- -*
terable framerates on high with a oc 290 20-40 fps, this game should not be this hard to run, it is in need of a patch.
stale as ♥♥♥♥.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ de juego no veo a perdsonas y veo que los zombis golpean al aire y el zombi muere y escucho disparos  y no veo a la genta y me mata alguien desde yo se que donde
if you want a glitchy game that broke my computer and also makes your computer laggy, get this game for free price.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ unstable peice of crap. i have a high-end pc and ♥♥♥♥ trying to get this to launch half the time. takes anywhere between 5 to 10 minutes to even launch, and when it does be lucky it doesn't crash on start.
game is bugged. trying to click doors with locks just locks my view on the for a bit and then resumes as normal in a second. can't even get past tutorial
very surprised by the positive response to this game. heavy stuttering despite the absolutely horrible graphics. textures are bland and of low quality.sound design is nothing special.gunplay is also bland and unsatisfying. the guns feel like they have no weight to them.
0/10 wasting of dlc money for no refunds
excuse me. why mclaren f1 on raid.
cell stage is funny, like the creature stage, but the games turns into an age of empires after tribal stage, this games is boring, very boring, i don't recommend to buy it, it's funny just in the beggining
too much allahu akbar 9.11/10
+/-
+/-
dont get me wrong the game is good.... but i can't play in any servers.i keep getting kicked, and unfortunately there isn't a singleplayer option.no australian servers...
this game is awful and i regret purchasing it
after, playing hours and hours of the 'old' "ace of spades" (see buildandshoot.com), i bought this game with high anticipation and excitement!  sure, this game is a minecraft, tf2-inspired fps combat that feels relatively new in a genre that is completely overrated...it's fast-paced combat certainly sets it away from a crowded fps genre, and its zombie mode is surprisingly the best mode in terms of balance and fun.  another positive is that it offers map editing and the ability to share custom maps.sadly, each of ace of spades' four classes certainly have their pros and cons, which significantly imbalance the game depending on gamemode.  for example, the rocketeer jetpacks across the map with an smg in capture the flag which seems unforgivably lopsided.  furthermore, the 'minecraft' building aspect seems untouched and is hardly used which is also hampered by a bugged reticule...
i preordered this game and played for a minute or two. the game is a decent port however thing is the steam store page say it contain english subtitles when in fact it does not.i am deaf and i need the subtitles to play. i am disappointed and haven't touched the game since then.
do not buy this game. the game mechanics are horrible at best, most of the servers are full of hackers and not to mention the dev's have not supplied many of the features promised. this game is a sham and this should not be allowed on steam.
you have to pay $10 to play competitive, valves running out of money.
absolute garbage, can't believe i wasted my money.
ive just bought this game for almost a hundred bucks and 1. its taken me 4 hours to download to 90% before restarting and begining from 50%!!! 2. then after having the game it took another hour to load the first mission in storymode (which crashed for no reason halfway through and i had to re-load again and play the mission.3. i finally got to avatar creator on online mode when it repeatedly crash again. the game then came up with a warning saying the game was curupt and now im re downloading it. ive wasted 2 days and 100 bucks. thx
this game's graphics is ok but it's really not worth $30. the only thing you get to do is a couple of missions, that's it.
expect to shell out 155 for the full game, now they have added p2wnot worth it.
warning: angry ranttoo be honest ubisoft has been burning the bridge for a while now. but now there is nothing left to burn. microtransaction and companion apps to open chests ingame are immersion breaking. i with a 970 cant even run this game without turning down the graphics way down until the game looks like ♥♥♥ and yet still the game refuses to run for 10 min before it has some dumbass problem that kills the game.and that's not even mentioning the bugs and glitches that you will stumble across within 10-20 min of gameplay, ac unity in its current full released stage is more broken, buggy, glitchy than star citizen which is in its pre-aphla/aphla stage.months after full release and ubisoft is apparently trying to fix the game from crashing (so says the giatn headlines). this is ridiculous, i payed $50 (sympathy fro those who payed full price) for an unfinished game, im wouldnt be surprised if that the next assasins creed got no attention at all.the combat, stealth and freerunning system are all pretty much the same with no fresh ideas, what ubisoft has done is pick up everything from the trash can, put it in a new setting and pushed out a game that deserves nothing.-4/15 would never reccomend this to anyone.p.s if your wondering y i have almost no hours is becasue i cant even run the game on mediuem/low for 10 min with my brand new computer gtx 970, 16gb rammubisoft rest in peppironies.
it might be realistic, but the community is utter ♥♥♥♥. you got old men who think they know all about the game. and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ admins telling you not to quickswitch, for no reason. while, the gameplay is absolutely amazing, the community just ruins the game's reputation. do not get this game (unless you want to belong in a community where ww2 ♥♥♥♥ gather).
brainbread 2 is a fast pace zombie shooter game still currently being developed as of this stage. i started playing this game a few days ago and it was alright, despite some fps issues and buggy animations in some official servers. i was planning to give this game a thumbs up, however after the 1.0.1.1 patch its literally impossible for me to join an official server due to the fact that all servers are in the us. thus, everytime i join i get kicked for high ping (+200) since i play from oceania region. thereby, i cannot recommend this game as of now.here are some improvement suggestions to devs:*add official servers in oceania region for south east asian, new zealand and australian players*fix fps issues on maps like rooftop and colosseum due to excessive spawning of zombies and bandits*enable achievements for single player mode
i watched the gameplays on youtube, seems pretty awesome. however, when i tried playing this game from australia, cannot even connect on a server.sorry, but thumbs down for this one.
bad
frustrating mechanics, annoying enemys, unfunny announcer. don't waste your money
if you want to waste your money on a doomed game that will never be complete, go ahead.
do not buy. wait for dual universe or star citizen.
its a fun game and all but not enough microtransactions or dlc, so ill give it a 5/10
 its bad 
nope
just because this review is negative doesn't mean i hate the game, i'm having technical difficulties and just downvoting this review without even giving me a hand to fix it makes you a moron, please help me turn this review into positive by giving me solutions.the problem i'm having with this game is that it crashes whenever i attempt to start a new game or start benchmarking making it unplayable for me and that's unfortunate because i was really excited to play this game.as i said from this thread i made:i've done verify game cache, run the game as admin and use compatibility mode (both win 7 & 8).since i'm about to ran out of time, i have to refund this game because i can't just waste my money on something that is unplayable. it's a shame.here's my specs: os: windows 10 (upgraded from win 8)cpu: amd a4-5300 apu with radeon hd graphics (2 cpus) -3.4ghzgpu: amd radeon hd 7480dram: 4gb (3.5 usable)native resolution: 1920x1080and hopefully you would comment and help me instead of downvoting this review just because it's negative. thank you for reading if you actually did.
ever finished a dump and then had your finger go through the toilet paper when you wiped?that's pretty much how i feel about having been a kickstarter contributor for this sorry excuse for a scam game.
utter crap at any price - don't bother.
i've had to hard reset computer 5 times in a row - game does not run but it good at crashing system - haven't got to play a minute of it yet - buyer beware
the game, for me whenever i try to play it (i have reinstalled it many times) when i look around when the game starts, it always crashes, please fix this issue so that it is at least playable, i have been anticipating for this game for some time and please, fix this.
micotransactions added to game means no chance of me ever getting back into it. maybe if it was a f2p title i could understand...
dead game nobody plays it and the devs are lazy ♥♥♥♥s
topstuff
h4ck3rs run rampant and do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want, i get banned for selling my zentorno because r* thought i cheated. fukc you r*
utterly disappointed with the sequel to my second most played game on steam. critical misunderstanding of what made the first game great and a focus on unfair difficulty rather than exciting and unique challenges left a very bad taste in my mouth.
the people left behind working on this game at valve don't seem to know what either they or the community want out of the game anymore, i'm hopeful that they'll notice tf2 exists again at some point in the future and dedicate some talented developers to working on it again.
i give it 7/10 allahs
what a dump
i may be an idiot, but this game makes it very difficult to know what to do next. i've spent at least 10 minutes one time trying to work out how to get past a fence. it's great if you like the avengers series, but i think it needs to be more user-friendly.
i came here for war and got zombies.
i can't say this is a good game until it allows me to set the screen size to 1920 x 1080 with 1080p 60 fps. this is a big problem!
well, i was throughly unimpressed by this game. sure, it was decent for the first 2 hours, but as soon as the refund period experied, which was probably the plan of the developers, it got increasingly boring. i want my money back for this scam.
beta review:i am not going to compare this game to the other total wars as they have nothing in common but that it just feels like a crappy wannnabe of clash of clans and game of war. it would be decent playing this game on the go but why should you when so many better games on iphone and android are out there.
its boring as ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
used to be a good game. now it runs like ♥♥♥♥ and has a bunch of "content" (i use that word loosely). i would not recommend buying this until they optimize the ♥♥♥♥ out of this.pros:- creative sandbox with space- functional physicscons:- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse of a survival mode- remove the dogs, they're a lame excuse for ai and are annoying rather than a challenge- runs like ♥♥♥♥summary: used to be good, dev's got lazy, poorly optimized - don't buy yet.
no, just don't buy it. you will have a terrible time.
the latest major update has completely changed the game. it is now a recoil-free console port and the once-good buy system is completely broken. rip blr
wing chun apocalypsei was going to write a post about sliding zombies who are totally unaware of your presence and missing models for items that exist in the game but instead i'd just like to say thanks for the ability to punch zombies as fast as bruce lee.i'm sure this game is an excellent proof of some concept, but that concept cannot be 'good game'.its kind of a bummer that nearly everything was taken out and the game looks/plays about as well as day one: garry's incident, but at least its on an updated engine and literally 10 times the cost.ps. better fps on max settings does not an optimization fix make when you remove most of the models, textures, world, and game content.i eagerly await another decade of your not-so-weekly newsletter
super casual, horrible ui, poor class design, terrible ai, and multiplayer vs players is an abomination.the f2p system is similar to that of blacklight retribution, a sort of rent/buy thingy for items and attachments. that's average, and its the least terrible thing about the game. if you hate that, you'll hate everything else more.
mediocre graphics that are poorly optimized - you can enjoy low quality effects with a low framerate to bootit plays like red orchestra or insurgency - everyone hunkers down in one spot and doesn't movethe netcode is so bad, i and someone else both shot and killed each other at the same timethey had an fov slider and removed it. this is a pc game, right?janky, terrible tdm game that has lacks potential** also all of the positive reviews are from people who have been playing this game for too long before it launched on steam and are so invested they just dont want to see it die
its an okay game, but as of this review it has so few people playing it can't actually be experienced as a multiplayer game.
i started playing a few minutes in i lost connection and had to wait a minute or so to reconnect then that happened again and i was done playing. in the few minutes i did play there was no player tutorial into the gaming world so i had no idea what i was doing. graphics weren't great which i have no problem with but you might. i however like the ideas of this game which is why i got it in the first place maybe after further development this could be a great game and i might try it again later.
it took me 1 month to actually run the game, but was not worth it at all. it lacks support from the developers. so i recomend getting farming simulator 2013
this game is shiit, ubisoft servers is ♥♥♥♥, emd ubisoft
垃圾一点都不好玩
kane & lynch 2: we should have stopped at onethe first thing i noticed with this game, was a headache. i mean, the shaky cam gave me a headache, and for the first time in my life i got to experience motion sickness. once i figured out where they hid the option for the shaky cam (hint: it's in the controls section), i finished the main game in only 3 hours... without rushing.the main story revolves around kane and lynch getting together for one more job. everything goes to hell, and you shoot your way out. that is pretty much the whole story, right there. i wish i was kidding right now.the game was short, repetitive, and for the most part, downright awful. aiming sucked, the cover-based mechanics were sub-par, and the story was nowhere to be found. the graphics, while alright in some places, were stitched together with overused lighting effects, and what j. j. abrams would consider to be too many lens flares. this was likely used in an attempt to hide their rushed graphics.they also do this weird thing in the game where they censor headshots... you shoot someone in the head, a big blur spot appears and breaks immersion. if you want to kill a game, this is a good place to start. was it supposed to be artistic, like the shaky cam?i'm really not sure there is much to recommend with this game, i barely stuck with it long enough to finish it.graphics: 6/10 (once you turn off shaky cam)story: 2/10 (hey, we're shooting people... that's a story, right?)gameplay: 5/10 (it was playable, not much else)overall: ... 3/10? i don't know, the game sucked and caused me physical pain from trying to play it.not recommended.
i really wanted to like this game, it looked like it had a good deal of promise. i thought $4 was a good price to pay for it, that it was worth a shot at that price. i was wrong.i should have listened to the overwhelming array of negative reviews. it seems to be using an old unreal engine, like maybe the unreal 2 engine or something, and the controls are just awkward. there are slowdowns (for seemingly no reason), long loading times, and this all spells a bad experience without even getting into the poor graphic quality and poor audio quality (yes, i know it's indie, i took that into account).trying to exit the game after my 47 minutes of buggy playtime was an experience in itself. my system hung on a black screen for around 10 minutes (couldn't even ctrl+alt+del), and my computer was slow for another 10 or so minutes after that with the harddrive being hammered the whole time. it even managed to crash the audio driver in ventrillo (which i was logged into in the background). the error message said something about too much data being forced through the sound driver.overall, my experiences with day one were not unique, and i just cannot recommend this game to anyone.
as much as i have enjoyed playing watch_dogs, i'm not sure i could ever recommend it.first things first, uplay. games in steam need a big warning across the top of the store page if they require uplay. why do i need two drms to play a game?! anyway... lets get to it:'poor optimisation' seems to be the catch phrase for this game on pc, and i agree completely. the first time i ran the game, i clicked on new game and was treated to a blank screen. after a minute or so of nothingness, i had the game crash, along with uplay and steam, all at the same time!some parts of the game are fun. i love the gang hideout missions (going into a gang area and knocking out their leader), and the stealth gameplay mixed with hacking is great. as i'm sure others have mentioned in reviews though, there are some occasional mishaps with hacking. sometimes, even though you aim at the person you want to hack, the game decides to blow something up instead.the driving in the game is where most of the poor optimisation shows itself. apart from the driving mechanics being less than desirable, it can be very hard to drive when the game is stuttering as you transition from one sector to another... or sometimes just as you drive normally. trying to chase someone in a car is frustrating, and should probably have been removed from the game. you need to either ramthem enough to get them to stop, or hack something in their path to stop them.the story? well, something happened, someone died, blah blah blah... revenge. it is very cliched and predictable. nothing really new here, just left over scraps of story rejected from other games.overall, the game looks nice enough, and there are some fun moments. if you can deal with the bugs, there might be a decent game here. i paid about $20 for it, and i feel i paid for a game that was not ready for release. if they fix the game up, i might be willing to reconsider my opinion. it's hard to like a game when you are constantly frustrated by the game stuttering. with all the bugs, i feel like i'm playing gothic 3 again.graphics: 7/10story: haven't finished it yet, but so far 4/10bugs: 11/10
pay2win, overkill greed company dont buy this game !
this game is far away from my expectation, not worth it to buy, the random injured system is ridiculous 3/10
my friend gave me this game without any contextwhat the ♥♥♥♥
up date makes me sad i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill myself
♥♥♥♥
> playing with friend> go to pick up ammo, game crashes.> verify files> 273 files failed to validate> begins updating 14.7 gb11/10 would self delete game mid game again
worst game i've ever played
i expected nothing, and will still dissapointed.this is not a 'true' game, but it is quite relaxing
if you want to play dishonored without combat, buy this game.or just get dishonored, i mean, its a lot better.
well steam you did it again you little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ i got banned instantly didnt even get in a game and i was vac banned yiu ♥♥♥♥ faces fix it or i'll wreck you liek jams dung 
cant do anything its really horrible
no this game is very bad in playing the start it is very bad i had no fun in playing the start of this dead island game i was hoping for something good from a dead island game but this is very bad
very bad disliked it i will give it about a 3/10
such a bad game that has crappy items and gameplay so nexon eat my ♥♥♥♥
not scary very boring
boring
unless you're willing to pay $5, there's quite literally nothing to do except sign up, click some stuff, and then look at news that hasn't been updated for over a year. "curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!"
this game is soooooo bad. you go around houses finding stuff while these floating "demon" things spawn outta nowhere and get you in the back. its so god damn annoying when you go into a house, lock the door behind you then all of a sudden, you're being attacked by the ugly bugged out enemies. and yeah they stuffed up the name of something: "devils share" like they share things between devils, like they are caring devils, instead of "devil's share". its just the worst, an abomination. not even worth the 50 cents i paid for it. just go buy 20 copies of bad rats for your friends instead
ace of spades. before jagex was on the scene, this game had potential. i was an early alpha tester and i must say, the game was good. in beta it was even better. when it was first released on steam, i played it non-stop for 6 hours. then i played in short bursts with friends. then, after i hadn't been on for about 2 months, everything had changed. apparently jagex decided the game wasn't traffic, or at least that's what it came across as. so they tried to make it better. but they made it a despicable game. ace of spades is no longer worth its non sale price of $15. it's not even worth $2. i just wish jagex would listen to the desperate people who used to play aos to restore it to what it used to be. it's just not worth it anymore.2/10
running fine for a while at 1080p but runs into some issues after a while playing or on particular planets. did the same at 1440p. fun to play but definetly need to address performance issues. great game.edit: running the game in bordered mode made a massive diffecence to performance for me with 2 monitorsafter playing this game for a while, there is nothing bringing me back to it. it doesn't have much depth without multiplayer once you do a few of the first items.
this game is good but fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ critcal eroorspls
this game is a virus dont download 0 / 0 would report again
i don't know what is worse; being let down when i realised the game is poorly optimised and has no content, or when i realised the refund rumors were a lie.edit: on my third try for a refund, they actually did refund the game after i made this review. coincidence?
this game is not balanced enough. if you buy any sniper rifle its 100% win.
i enjoyed payday 2 and pre-ordered it. played the hell out of it until things got stale and  the flow of dlcs starting coming in, i bought them initially, even though i might not have touched some of them. but more and more paid dlcs kept coming in. so ok... fine, the contents were good, so i guess why wouldn't people want to pay for the dlcs for extra characters, weapons and all that?then pd2 decided to become p2w with the microtransaction. grindday2 became greedday 2. nope, not supporting this anymore. that was a lowball move that managed to alienate me.
i would talk about the game but it wouldnt let me past the title screen
ele e legal mais ele levo muito a serio o fato dificil a partes que voce encalha e nao sai dali e nao do falando das faces normais do falando das faces de tempo voce fica no desespero pra sair dali e nao entende oque tem que fazer recomendo joga mais numa parte ou outra voce vai chora de raiva por nao saber oque fazer ou sabe oque fazer mais nao consegui
um jogo bom, pena que agora 70% da comunidade e f2p.entra no sever.okescolhe o time.okescolhe a classe.okdepois aperta tab 3 sniper 3 spy 3 scout, que uma variação heavy e um medicojogue por joga nao que voce va encontra um diversão aqui
this game was awsome mate reccomend to all who like awsome plot twists this is beautiful 9/9 ign approves #no sarcasm 
to be honest i really enjoyed the layout of this whole entire game, its like a western css, csgo,the graphics are really well textured and the scenary is really nice especiall that snow level. what i do intensley dislikeabout this game is the aiming system, i went behind a guy with my revolver 45 ping! no lag running smooth. i then shot him in the back of the head with the crosshair right on his head and some how i missed, he then turned around as he heard my three gun shots, and he threw a knife at me direct hit and killed me?sometimes i dont understand this game at all :p. aim system needs to be fixed even if it is realistic, i dont care it needs to be fixed.overall,6.5/10its just ok, from me :p
this game was not what i expected
game plays itself.spends more time looking at menu and a so called online leaderboard then actual game.controls are super simplistic that even the term "casual" doesn't discribe it.game plays itself. yes it has to be said twice as it really does. you can start a so called battle and walk away and it finishes it by itself.the 'simulation' part of it is basicly no existant.just underwelming in all senses of gameplay and price.
very addictive for a while until you need to expand when money is low.
buggy asf! can't play it properly. i was so excited to play this when i saw the trailers, stupid me thinking what's in the trailer would actually be in the gameplay... sean murray you flat out lied about gameplay. your "gameplay" trailers are full of crap!!!
buggy asf! can't play it properly. i was so excited to play this when i saw the trailers, stupid me thinking what's in the trailer would actually be in the gameplay... sean murray you flat out lied about gameplay. your "gameplay" trailers are full of crap!!!
first things frist. i really want to recommend dead by daylight to everyone, it is great game to play, but at this time a cannot for some reasons.1) lobby simulator 2016. if you want the get your surivior perks, you must play in a lobby, this leave you eather getting into a lobby where everyone will bail so they can find there friends or you're the one doing it. i know they where trying to give you the spooky feeling of playing with random people to make it scary, but sometimes you just want people you can trust to play with. just make a group with friends please.2) call of duty would be proud. if you want to keep your rank as a survivor, never,and i mean never get hooked. once you are placed on it, get ready to say bye to that rank point cause your about to have a sleep over with the killer, he will just sit at your feet till you're dead or some random thinks that the killer is afk and trys to save you, getting knocked out cold.3) now watch me rank, now watch me de-rank. now this part of my rant personaly makes me rage. the ranking system. simple, if you want to rank, you need three things. a buddy, good internet connnection and luck, cause if you don't, you're in for a ride. to get your rank up, you must survive or kill. but your rank will go down if you die or not kill people, leave a game, d.c from a game (even if the killer has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet), if the killer or all survivor leave before the end of a game, hell even turning on four out of five generators on and escaping will (yes that did happen), and completing all the task at hand while your team mate sit in the bushes that end up getting you killed while they get escape because they don't care to help you or the camper killer is setting up for the night.this is only a few thing i don't like, but don't take my word on it. experience the good annd the bad for yourself.if the team wants to make this game the best experience, please just let there be a friends lobby, the other stuff i can live with.thank you for your time
i honestly felt that ghosts' multiplayer was a huge disappointment compared to mw3, and the reason i'm comparing ghosts with mw3 is because black ops 2 is not made by if. going to back to the multiplayer topic, this has been one of the rare case scenarios where a call of duty game has a campaign better than the multiplayer. i hereby rate multiplayer 4 out of 10 and the campaign 7 out of 10.
this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you can't out smart a zombie so you have to kill it and you soawn with nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so your ♥♥♥♥ed don't get this game it sucks balls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!12/10
game is a complete and utter piece of ♥♥♥♥.the dev team has pretty much run off.d o n o t b u yonotbuy
call of duty is one of the many games (fps related) that i play, you cant exactly contrast the game with other fps games are they have different play styles. most of the time, call of duty is a fast paced shooter with quite a lot going on. well thats what it seems like to me.the game is good, dont get me wrong, it is enjoyable to play but there are some issues that should be addressed and taken into consideration when you click that add to cart button.1- what the game has become.the days of being able to use other weapons in game is over, being able to reliable cover a section of the map with an lmg or sniper is no longer a play style that can be used. there was nothing that i loved more than being able to mow down 3 guys trying to flank your spawn on dom. instead the game has become saturated by 1 specific play style.2- rush.i can understand that call of duty is a fast fps game, one of the easiest to play in that matter, you dont have to worry about bulletdrop like battlefield, you dont have to worry about listening for footsteps or other sniper shots, sniper ghost warrior but there is a limit in which how easy you can make it. both black ops 2, ghost and aw (i dont own aw but from friends that have the game) are saturated with the use of smgs and/or shotguns, having small maps really makes the efficieny of using a sniper almost obselete, lmg users are constantly being dominated by the fast firing high dmg smgs you find in bo3, yet when it comes to balancing things....3- how to guide: balancing weapons.after using the haymaker 12 for quite sometime now there are a few things that i do not understand   -somehow, it is the shotgun with the least amount of damage, yet, fires a buckshot, like most of the shotguns in bo3   -i am consistanly getting hate for using the weapon, note most of the people that are hating on me, get to close.you see, treyarch fail to see that there is a difference between balance and butthurt, balance, is not nerfing the crap out of a weapons to turn it into a waterpistol, that is what you get when a whole bunch of people dont like being killed by the haymaker, the simple counter measure to a shotgun is to not get so close to someone, simple as that. but when balancing weapons, also take into consideration where the complaints are coming from. this could be from places like reddit, youtube etc, once you read these comments, actually take some time to look at statistics, i am sure you have some spare time while monkeys are fixing the issues with the game to make things right. there is nothing more than seeing a game saturated and dominated by fast firing smgs with have the range of a sniper... im not just saying this because i get killed byt smgs quite a lot, but more so that it is true. for example, if you look at say the vesper, chuck rapid fire, laser sight and fast mag. you pretty much has a lightweight minigun.there are positives to the game, the zombies is spot on, i love it!, have enjoyed every single moment of it!, especially when you disconnect from singleplayer....multiplayer, although has a fair amount of issues, is fun.but my main complaint for the game, is the constant fps spikes/stutters... any kind of help i look for either says update the drivers or get a better computer... i have updated the drivers, which had pretty much no effect what-so-ever, getting a better computer well, i think i have good enough specks to be honest (i7-2600, hd7950 and 8gb ram).dont you find it sad how, supposedly, creating a sequal to what was quite a good game (black ops 2) take such a downfall, games are meant for enjoyment, being able to communicate with friends, and all the people that have apparently slept with your mother. dont you feel dissapointed in your inability to fix the mistakes and become a better overall game developer. isnt it demoralising when you see that just under 50% of the comments/reviews on the game are negative? i know this will most likely not been seen by the eyes of any treyarch developer but all these questions run through my mind. the thing is... what goes through yours...
unless you like the same ♥♥♥♥ as black ops 2 this si the game for you with all new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t including the invisible dogs, die as soon as you become alive. small - medium maps ( why add snipers????) when nearly every map has a building every 5 meters. they need a massive map like wasteland from mw2 except 2 twices as big. otherwise not worth getting
i have noticed in the review section of this game that a lot of people are giving this game more of a negative rating rather than positive, which is quite frankly true. pre patch 1.37 - 7-8/10patch1.37 - /10patch 1.37 was supposedly to make the game better in the way it was more balance, haha infact it made it worse. throught my few hours playing the game after patch 1.37 i have come to believe that gaijan have become greedy ( like activision/treyarch) in the ye old days like 1.29 you could quite easly come out of a match making around 10-20k profit depending on whether you have premium or not. i not saying this because im bad but here are 3 reasons why gaijin had screwed up the game after patch 1.37:1. matchmaking-after 10 games in the new patch im not sure if it was unlucky or absoluty garbage. i prefer to play in the british line up while using stuff like the wellington, beaufighters ect. the problem i was having is i would get over the bombing target in my wellington ic and then be killed by 8 fighters who can climb to your altitude within a matter of minutes, which resulting into easy kills.aircraft have now been sorted in tiers rather than ranks, you may think that is true but infact its the complete opposite. the aircraft may be a tier 3 but the battle rating (which can be found while hovering over the aircraft) is the acctually "ranked" lobby you will be put in, for example the mustang mk1a which is a british fighter is a tier 4 but its battle rating is 5.3. they say they would be changing this but can we really believe them?!?2. leveling up-prier to patch 1.37 if the people who are reading this just started you had ranks rather than tiers. like any game you get kills = lions+xp = more aircraft = kills... which was all good you could quite happly level up, now you need to research the aircraft. the developers said this new system would acctually help you unlock aircraft quicker... wrong, infact it would take you 4-5x long to get a single plane in the game. for example the f80c shooting star you need 320000rp to unlock, if you get an average of  1-3k rp for that aircraft (note not all rp earned in a game goes towards an aircraft, the rest is stored so you can use it later but there is a twist) it would take you atleast 100-150 games to unlock, and a normal game goes for 20 mins((20x150)/3=1000/24=41) so it would take you around 1-2 days of non stop gameplay to unlock it. lies!!!!3-"pay to play"as this person has explained beautifully on the war thunder forums"so let me sum up it here. instead of playing and enjoying the game gaijin wants the players to   1)buy gold 2)buy premium 3) play the game a lot 4) realize you can't do it without premium aircraft, buy premium aircraft 5) lose your xxx on repair bills because you can't use your fully upgraded lower planes for higher level plane research xp. 6) use your golden eagles to buy lions at exorbitant rates. 7) rinse and repeat. stop locking these threads, people need to know what gaijin did.  stop censoring the threads mods, your job is not censor the posts of the paying members and communities response. we all know the mods are purposely locking these threads trying to downplay the community response to this patch which is designed for one reason and  one reason only, to make the game take much longer and force a whole lot more golden eagle purchases.   we are not stupid, we can see right through you." - digital zombielink - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/89224-research-really/as you can see gaijin have become so full of themselfs they cant control what they have become without starting over. many people would agree that dont waste your time on this game till they get there ♥♥♥♥ together!.regards shifty_.
awkwardly bad controls coupled with poor character response rate to button presses (seriously whoever designed the poor jumping mechanics should be shot) makes this one of the least enjoyable side-scrolling adventure games i've ever played. throw in some middle of the mill voice-acting, cliche' characters and a story not to write home about and you get deadlight. also, why the heck can you not kill zombies with your axe? even after several whacks at a zombie which would've executed it, the thing still gets up and comes for you. what could've been a very atmospheric apocalyptic action side-scroller is ultimately a chore of the game with a bore of a story. even for the price point, please do yourself a favour and avoid this mediocre piece of garbage. pros:+ atmospheric+ occasionally interesting puzzles+ it tried so hard...cons:- ...but failed- poorly implemented game mechanics- cliche' characters and storybetter than: not trying?worse than: just about every other zombie game out there4.5/10 - poor: in this highly saturated market where there are plenty of excellent zombie titles, deadlight attempts but ultimately fails to be ahead of the pack.
 team fortress 2 is forever-evolving, has cartoony art, fun, thrilling gameplay, interesting characters and a creative, friendly community keeping it alive. use teamwork, strategy, fast thinking and reflexes or just interact with people in fun and sometimes hilarious ways. you can have a lot of fun playing with friends in this game. ... unfortrunately, valve has ruined their own game and ui by removing valve servers from the server browser and making an ill-titled "casual" game mode with several other changes that essentially seem like a sad attempt to copy 'overwatch'.
this port is just painful crashes
i really enjoyed this game until the new update. i cant event join a match, let alone create one
this game needs a lot of work, it crashes so much and it needs to be fixed.
i regret everything right after i  played one match.
not fun and frustrating learning curve. very easy to die which is acceptable due to the premise of the game, but advancement is very difficult and not intuitive. you might find some fun in it if you have a large number of friends playing and learning at the same time, but otherwise it's not worth it.
love everything but the new interface no more blue coins you could buy andy more
love everything but the new interface no more blue coins you could buy andy more
i can't recommend this game at its current state right now. it has unique gameplay but the matchmaking system ruined the game for me. if one player dc's, instead of finding another to replace the dc'ed player, the game thrust you into a match with poor ai. i primarily play the hunter, and the lackluster tutorial shows as players struggle to dodge the most obvious charge or rock throw. i tried giving this game a real shot but the poor matchmaking and some balancing issues (meteor goliath being a power creep version of goliath) brings this game down for me. i'd give it a 6/10. except to rage or rage quit.
ai cheats.repetitive dialog.do not recommend.
this game is totally a crap =)
don't buy it, please for both ours sake.
didn't enjoy it.
ok, so lets start. the game is fun at the start and you get to know the basics. but after finishing the turtorial and a few other levels of beating other player's castles it starts to get repeative. litterally all there is to it is fighting th same castle over and over and over. all because it takes forever to level up your character and castle. i wish i could recommend this game, but there just need to be a bit more varaity in castle making. another thing is that the game takes way too long to play, you could play this game for a full straight 24 hours and to ubisoft, its absolutly no progress... i thought this was a good game, until i noticed all these problems. so unless you want to waste about a week of your life, do not play!!!
can't even ♥♥♥♥ing get past the press any key to ♥♥♥♥ing start screen! ♥♥♥♥ this game 0/100
do not buy this game; it still uses gfwl, and since microsoft has discontinued gfwl, this game is now unplayable.
very angry, jut bought this game, i did not expect that 4 year after release, the game still "stopped working" during login, couldnt get in to game completely,  waste 15 dollar, never buy from ubisoft again unless they get rid of the stupid uplay login.
dont buy it.online? its dead. got matched up with the same guy 5 times. seriously?online lag is terrible.story is terrible, ending feels like they ran out of ideas.micro-transactions, cant press a few buttons? pay to press fewer buttons.just dont buy it.
although a really interesting game in theory it's just too damn hard and frustrating. there doesn't seem to be any real strategy in dealing with stress and so the game becomes a frustrating grind where you feel like you are close to a win but then are forced to retreat... which probably fails... so you take more stress damage.... and when you do retreat the resulting stress kills your favourite guy with a heart attack... the whole thing just felt unfair. i'm all for a challenging game but i expect a strategy i can employ to overcome it, just dumb luck and feeling like everything is against you regardless of skill is not fun. sorry.
it is full of aimbots only play this game at your own risk if you want to rip all your hair out
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee tafarrreeeeeelll vai vai vai que sua tafarel10/10 sairia do campo tedo novo
long story short: a run-of-the-mill modern military shooter with a meaningless and short single-player campaign. while neat with graphics and sound, the $15 seems a bit too much on a rather easy and generic 6 hour game. pass it unless you're very interested.disclaimer: while i haven't played the sequel yet, metro last light, i've heard a lot of the narrative is improved upon with that game. i have also not played the redux versions as of yet.metro 2033 is a first person shooter that takes place in the tunnels of moscow in the somewhat distant future. you play as artyom, a dude who is trying to get to the other side of the subway to save his hometown from mutants. on the way, you encounter bandits, creatures, and a strange supernatural entity.while the goal of the single-player is made clear from the start, it quickly loses track as you meet up with other characters, and basically go through escort-like areas with them. it's hard to keep focused when you're constantly meeting different people and experience different kinds of gameplay. for example, one moment you're fending off a minecart from mutants. the next, you're sneaking through a bandit hideout, stealthily killing each person you find. the next, you're walking down a corridor talking to a guy with very little coming at you. each with some different npc leading you. the whole journey feels disjointed and inconsistent.throughout the game, you acquire a bunch of weapons. most of these function a bit differently, but some just seem outright pointless, like the ball bearing shooter, which can barely even damage enemies, runs out of ammo quickly, and occupies the same slot as the shotguns. my biggest issue with the weapons is that there's very little variety. there's nothing past pistols, assault rifles, and shotguns.these weapons can be found on the ground, alongside medkits (which quickly restore your health) and gasmasks (which basically are a time meter for above ground sections). my issue with the medkits is that the game is a cover-based shooter where all of your health eventually regenerates. in gunfights with other humans, medkits are only there to save time rather than hiding behind cover. in fights with mutants, medkits are pointless, as the regenerating health mechanic pretty much saves you from any hits that the mutants do, provided you dodge their attacks a bit. all of these items are also sold in shop areas which appear in the first half of the game (they oddly never appear again after chapter 4 i believe). an interesting concept here is that bullets are the currency of the game. my issue with this is that the kind of bullets that are used as currency are also the weakest bullets, which removes the whole purpose of them.so the gameplay has you going through a bunch of different locations, meeting a few different kinds of enemies. you'll fight humans, who all hitscan you if you move out of cover. the gameplay for these guys is pretty generic and bland. while their ai is good in moving into cover and such, there's just no variety between them throughout the game. the other kinds of enemies are the mutants. there's a few different kinds, but they all can only melee attack you, making "running backwards in circles and firing wildly" an unfortunately effective method. these enemies also deal a surprisingly low amount of damage, even on harder difficulties, making them very easy and nonthreatening targets, which is a shame, as they're supposedly the huge threat of the story.there's also a few stealth sections in the game. artyom's watch has a coloured light section that indicates how well seen you are, but, at least for me, it doesn't work all that well. there's been times where i've hit the red light, and have still been able to run through unnoticed. other times, the light is green, and i start getting shot at. stealth is a very weak element of the game, and fortunately (or unfortunately) it only comes up three times in the game.of course, there's a lot of on-rails sections where you're on some sort of moving vehicle and you're shooting at stuff. these vary the story up a bit, but in general are a bit easier than the rest of the game and lack the depth or challenge that you'd be expecting during these usually explosive sequences.i don't know if it's just me, but i experienced a lot of bugs with the game. there's the above stealth system which sometimes doesn't indicate the right thing. i've had ai glitch up and run into walls constantly. i've had times where a scripted sequence at the beginning of the game ended to my death. i've had times where the ui would not come up. the worst one i had though was that my gas mask would not come off my face, which was okay at first. however, with the gas mask, taking damage starts to crack the visor, making it extremely difficult to see, and since i couldn't take it off, i was forced to play through literally half the game with my screen almost obscured (loading a save or checkpoint wouldn't fix it).graphically the game looks alright: depth of field and fancy lighting and particle effects makes the tunnels and overground look starkly different. the sound is also done alright: the music builds up at the right times (although it's pretty generic), and the sound design works well as sounds echo in the tunnels and fade off in the overground sections.unfortunately, the engine cannot make up for the game's shortcomings. metro 2033 was not that enjoyable for me. i played through the game twice: once on hard, and once on ranger hard (which hides the ui and makes everything (including you) die very quickly). both playthroughs were plagued with issues for me. i didn't enjoy the game that much mainly because it was short and didn't offer anything substantial in terms of gameplay.and that's a shame because my friends tell me there's a great story tucked away underneath it all. it's just i was too focused on the gameplay to really experience that. there's a couple of side things to collect, and there's a second ending that isn't purely a decision at the end of the game. but, especially the ending, i felt that the game was giving me mixed messages about who was the good guy in the story, which would be fine if it was a bit more clear-cut what the implications of my decisions were.metro 2033 is a modern military shooter first and foremost. if you like those kinds of games, you may find something good here. the setting is unique, and ultimately you might have a good time with it. however, if you, like me, don't like those kinds of games, pass on metro 2033, as it won't do anything that amazing to interest you.rating: 0 up, 1 downmy up/down rating system tries to differentiate between games that are mediocre (less ups and downs total), and games that are interesting but flawed (more ups and downs totals). ups relate to how much good a game has, and downs are how much bad a game has.  0 ups 1 ups 2 ups 3 ups   not worth playing, skip it alright, play it if you're into the genre very good, play it if you're looking for something worth trying one to go down in history, a must have for everyone[/table]  0 downs 1 downs 2 downs 3 downs   nothing detrimental in the game a few things wrong, but doesn't ruin it kind-of broken or aggravating, you may not be able to put up with it very, very broken, a lesson on what not to do[/table]
it crashes on the start up.
bad
to much tedious walking, add a car to drive and id be happy to play
how is this game free when you need to pay to play the f@#king thing? would have been better if you put it up for a price and people buy to play the whole game -_-
its a good game but alot of bugs and even when i put everything on low still lags... i suggest anyone thinking of buying this game to hold back until a few issues are fixed
dont get this game, it is basically spartan assault with no differences, sure there might be a few different vehicles and enemies, but it's really not worth the price, so if ur a hardcore halo fan and want this game, wait until it goes on special or something
lame, don't know why i spent 30+ hrs on this bull sh*t
this game will not work on windows 8, so if you are buying this game and you have windows 8 it will not work on steam. however, you can redeem the code on origion and origin lets you change wich version of the game you use. so you just have to change the game to a older version and it will work.
why is it so laggy i cant even play it when i run theres a delay and how the fock do you craft i dont understand
do not buy this game this game sucks it lags alot and its ♥♥♥♥
potatoes return...seriously the ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥...the archers dont know how to aimthe builders hang around at the edge of the kindom and instantly get rekt if a wall is brokenthe builders dont have a set building priority either, theyd rather build the stupid boat than help 1 builder repair the defenses that will save their liveswhy is the only camp that gives me 2+ refugees at the edge of the map so when i hire the people there they dont even make it back?why dont the farmers make the same amount of plots as there are farmers?why cant people run unless theyre tring to grab coins or equipment or get back to the castle before night??? theyre sooo slooooooowwww!!!!!11/10 built kindom up. upgraded a wall. builders decided not to upgrade wall. got mostly deaded
liked the name, disliked the interface.
i legitimately don't understand why people think this game is so good. i'll see you in hell for posting this.
pay to play boys  micro transactions wins you the game
thanks for the 10fps i guess...?  edit :- i already knew this was all going to happen, devs if you really want your playerbase to suggest your game to other people you gotta stop milking the money out of us, and ffs stop adding 2 dinos every month. the game is never going to be complete or gonna get out of early access soon enough if you keep doing this
this "game" was using more than 60gb of my hard disk. looking back, i think it wasn't really worth it. just uninstalled today and i feel like there are better things worth 60gb of data. thanks to my friends for gifting me some of the dlcs, but i am not really enjoying the game so far...everytime i try to join a public lobby, i get kicked out of it for no reason, even if i ask first (if stealth/loud and safe to join?) before joining the actual game. also 80% of payday lobbies are full of people using cheats, and i am pretty sure devs are going to do nothing about it.
edit: 27-6-16bought game 25% off for summer sale all excited from the hype ages ago when it was getting kickstarted.went to join the only aus server upasked in squad comms if my mic was working got a yes then team proceeded to just ignore me from then on because i mentioned im a new player.so much for all those squad posts about welcoming new players, maybe in us servers its different but the only aus server wasn't the best experience i had no fun being ignored i dont do rambo rush to the point style, i want team work and i didn't get it.let me reintegrate on the fact that just because im a new player doesn't make it a valid excuse for lack of teamwork. i don't care if the community is 'mean' i've learnt and stuck with insurgency for the longest time, even played a bit of arma so was excited for the mil sim experience. my experience might differ from others but this was mine, on the australian server feel free to troll and downvote i couldn't care less it's the internet it happens everywhere i won't lose sleep lolat current i can't recommend this game (as cool as the guns and classes felt), i uninstalled & asked for a refund, however i am willing to revist on release through other friends that decide to purchase from aus and make a decision if i will purchase then, who knows by then there may be more aus servers to play on and they might have a more team based community.
edit 12/04/2015 never recieved a ticket, terrible customer service though the networking issues are fixed while i will play it i can not publicy support a game with service the equivilant of the screw up that was archeage.edit 13/01/2015 still no response from ticket, at this time i do not recommend this game especially if they cant even acknowledge recieving it and the fact that i my hard work on every server is inaccessible so quickly, uploaded my output file for the errors and my dxdiag for my system specs to help them.*original review below*i don't normally buy early access games because of disasterous outcomes but this i think is an exception, this review was written during alpha 10.4 (scrow down to bottom paragraph if you want it straight to the point).while it has its bugs, i've seen games alot worse at full release, this game has great promise, fingers crossed the finished product reflects not just my expectations but most other 7 days to die players.bugs that stand out: at this time there is a condtradicting issue with eac (easy anti cheat) and steam, if one cuts out you get booted from the server after getting a message about unable to find eac being used, sometimes you get banned for it which makes it impossible to rejoin and get back to the action and have to start all over again on another server, your best option would be to either rent a server or start a private server and/or use hamachi or other vpn to play with your friends (you may need to open your ports).another bug possibly related to the first just plain tells you the connection failed after a few trys it can sometimes work.the third bug which i run into often on a server i've been on in awhile is one that causes me after being in the server for about a minute it just crashes to the game menu without an error message, so i had to constantly change servers (this still happened on my friends rented server, i'm currently awaiting a reply from a ticket i put in a few days ago).one game mechanic bug sometimes even when your inventory is open but your toolbelt is full splitting a stack out of the camp fire can delete all of the item in question except for one.**all in all though i quite enjoy the game, once this easy cheat stuff has been resolved and the networking issues etc i think i'll be more addicted than now, at this time i do recommend it but only if you are going to either play single player or lan with your mates in house or over vpn.
bend over and spell run cuz you just got swindled out of 50 bucks if you thought this would be anyfun compared to part i
i tried to enjoy this game. may not have played long, but it took less than that for me to get bored. and i usually enjoy games similar to this. not worth paying anything. sorry devs.
always do the same in the diffrent planets            boring
 it ruined my life
used to be free, now it is pay 2 win crap
graphics are ok. cars handle well. but this is the most frustrating racer out there. you can crash into anything and die however the ai cant die. literally cant die. if you wanna know whats its like to play this just hit yourself in the face with a bat.
all outfits cost real money. couldnt buy any gun parts because "there was a error connecting to ubers services" then the game claimed that the australian server was no longer avalible. switched to u.s still couldnt buy any gun parts. gameplay was pretty decent though.
updates made it ♥♥♥♥
it's like windows xp in a game... without the service packs
im one non-balanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game away from uninstalling. potentially game destroying update valve. i like the leveling system. i like the new modes and stuff, but i would rather not have them if it means i can vote to balance the teams when its 1v9 because everyone leaves when the teams arnt balanced. also people complained about the beta competitive yet you  decided to make all modes have that rediculously long matchmaking lobby. whyyyyyyyyyy!?!?!?!?!?! why would u update a game after getting bad reviews of the beta?!?!??!
ok let me start by saying that this is a great game. but... at the moment i find there are a few core problems such as rediculous op wraith, moderate level of glitches and bugs such as freezing or getting stuck while climbing through windows or hiding in corners, as well as other relatively minor tweaks. because of most of this, the game becomes extremely frustrating, and it does not suprise me everyone leaves when they know theres a wraith... that ducking wraith! this game would make a great coop with friends if there was a way to play with your friends!!!!!!!! no joining friends matches except on a totally private server host. also having no way to communicate with the other survivors in game makes this even more frustrating. so summary, at this time i would hold off for a few months until they really start bringing on the updates (which is practically grunteed) and fix some of these core issues because at the moment you either have great matches or terrible ones (basically terrible if theres a wraith or if somebody is doggy guarding all the time)
boring not what was told we would get
this game is a buggy mess that is nowhere near finsihed with very little content and limited to no controller support. submitting my refund request now
this game made me have cancer x100 i tried playing with my mate. thinking it would be a fun time i was thinking to good for this bucket of ♥♥♥♥ ass game. the music is to loud i had to shout to talk to my friend also the lan is so bad they cant even set up there own server network. kill me now. fix this now or you will not get far. it has alot to offer if the devs were not 6 year olds eatting there own ♥♥♥♥. thank you i rate this a cancer out of lung cancer xaids thank you again.......
the warz.
boo
multiplayer only. no other players = no game.at least the main menu music is nice.
this game is what i hate in racing games...you got to pay for pretty much every car....and one starting track!so sh** my opinion
0.1 / 100
pointless.
worst game i have ever played, touched it once and never even looked at it again. i see why it is free to play.
the game isn't the worst thing in the world. it's fun but you have to have a licence for literally everything... how do you get those licences? with real world mother ♥♥♥♥ing money! the game wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for all the ♥♥♥♥ing micro transactions! don't waste your money just find some other game to get.
♥♥♥♥ing smae ♥♥♥♥, p[eice of ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game so ♥♥♥♥ shit suck my white review game is ♥♥♥♥ i wish it never was for free it ♥♥♥♥

p.s it's in beta so probs be fixed
i bought this game but can i play it? no. it does not inform you that you have to pay for the game and then pay for a pack to actually play the game, not only that i cannot log on at all and it was a very frustrating process to link steam accounts and create nether acounts as well. i will never play this game since i can't and it is false advertising. money back.
low violence....fun gameplay i guess.
needs more features , better animations pls , and a bigger inventory + coop
who would play this game for more than 10 minutes? honestly
i was hyped i will admit but after beating the game in 1 hour and what they said would be in the game not being there, i have to say that i dont hate the game, i hate the developers. you want me to pay for dlc! well go ♥♥♥♥ yourself too
starforge has this idea of digging and living in the worlds you create. there is nothing to do in this game. it can hardly run and crashes often. you can not even dig. the backbone of the game is not even in the steam version. i would say wait for this game and see what comes of it but that would be waiting another year? why is this even in early access.
the game had a good idea but it does not work. it is sad to see a cool idea not work but this game is boring and has no gameplay value. to play this game for more then a hour not in the title screen is a god damn achivment. ((do not buy this game))
payday is a grind of a game. before the wolf pack dlc the heists were beatable. but now they just crank up the level and make it so hard it becomes unplayable. payday 2 is far better but i wish they would make it more about stealing money and not shooting wildly at cops. maybe someday there will be a perfect heist game,
it sucks
underwhelming. why bethesda.. i'm lost
♥♥♥♥ game
i like turds
so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashed game
primeira vez o jogo é legal , depois... se torna uma ♥♥♥♥♥, trava muito, não tem server br e etc.. simplismente o jogo foi cagado.
worst free-to-play game of the year. why? well... how do i do thing what is a build why do i have a ant killing thingy and everyone elce has rokit lawnshers!!!1! that sums it up nicely
tom canny gets a splinter
i would wait for the full game to come out before buying it, and seeing what content will be added. i will play it every time there is an update, because i feel unmotivated to progress in such a system. terreria you get ore, build better stuff, progress further in the cave, and explore more. i haven't found a single cave in starbound that i felt like exploring or progressing in. terreria was a more free style game. you could upgrade your equipment based on what kind of cave you were exploring. but in starbound they give you an objective that you have to follow in an rpg style of gameplay. the guide in terreria is a better help than this poor excuse for a "tutorial" that this game needs for the stupid rpg elements it throws in just because it try's to be better than terreria instead of building on its core elements like a normal sequal does.
if i could go back in time and choose between saving harambe and stopping myself buying this game...even that wouldn't be a tough choice.
unfortunately i didnt get my wife to play it so i didnt find it fun :(
no local servers for australia, so cant properly evaluate.
over-run with haxors!
all i can say is that this games matchmaking is so poor it ridiculous, to the point were every game a rank 1 hunter would always be lobbed against me and my frineds, who are not even past 20. this game is broken.
really kabam? you ruind the game
stop making such huge maps we want smaller ones
horrible
its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
aw jeez i forgot to refund this game
r.i.p this game is ded
lag lag lag nurse nurse nurse own game as ♥♥♥♥ and die die die if dont have 4 friend dont buy this
nao joga, vai custar sua alma cara!!! no começo vc vai ficar feliz, aventureiro, divertido ate que vc morre e perde tudo e a depressão cai sobre sua cabeça
same poop same backet with a diffrent label on the fron....
me parece un buen remake, me encanta. posee buenas mejoras en el control.
the title speaks for itself. this game is bad. if you are gifted this, decline the offer immediately and ask the sender why they hate you.
after about 5 hours of playing this game, i am already bored. province is being attacked? defend it! enemy province is being attacked by your allies? assist in the seige! you will die and spawn, then die again and spawn again, then die again and spawn again, then die..... that is pretty much the main gameplay of planetside 2. while there are 6 diverse class options and 3 factions to choose from which are nice, the most fun i had playing this game was reviving fallen allies or repairing vehicles.thankfully the game is free so you can give it a try if you want. i however, will give this game a no since i cannot find any enjoyment out of it.
this game would have been great if the controls weren't awkward and the level creator wasn't stupidly hard to use. thank goodness i got this when it was free.
"friendly in che..... "session lost"
i played this a year ago and it was dead then, apparently its still dead
dont even bother. its dead
free to play is very far from the truth. free to download is a more fitting description. it looks like a great game, but if you need a membership from the get go, and it's nearly impossible to obtain one quickly, it just makes for an unenjoyable experience.
trove was fun... until the fire nation updated the game.
10% luck20% skill 15% concentrated power of will5% rage50% pain0% reason to download this game
no servers=♥♥♥♥
el juego del todo no esta mal pero hay muchos ingredientes que te quitan las ganas de jugarlo y al momento mientras lo juegas el juego se siente muy cutre de un modo como sus mapas tan sencillos y ya prácticamente la comunidad de este juego esta muerta con menos de 200 jugadores en ella, puede llegar a ser muy cruel con los novatos ya con el tipo de juego que es un estilo rápido no falta el mini willyrex del equipo del contrario el cual sabe el arma mas poderosa del juego  pidiendo bombardeos cada 5 segundos ( que los hay ) y te quedas en tu base hasta que acabe la partida en fin el juego es como un proyecto padre e hijo :v
expected much more from bioshock :[
i cant recomend this for any aus/nz players as there is no servers for us unless you dont mind playing with 400+ ping. other then that the battles seemed pretty fun, will try it again if they add asian/aus servers.
what a deal. for the price of a softserve from mcdonalds, i was gifter this game. my main problem is that the earthworm monster would eat trees which is ridiculous, as worms dont even live in trees, so why would they be eating them. i would also likee to know why i cannot build solar farms on the eay map as this would have sped up my game play time quite a bit. lastly the fact that i recived a d- for my wonderful green powered production of my $1,000,000 makes me think that this game was developed by fatcats who don't understand the complexity of long term damage to ecosystems as a result of fossil fuels, and do not factor in the detrimental eeffects of green power either. windfarms produce a lot of noise as is highlighted in the more graphically developed, but similar game, cities skylines. unlike evopollution, within cities skyliens you can also build houses so that the power you are producing goes to use instead of just sitting there doing nothing in these giant battery buildings, which somehow produce no waste.i would give this game a 4/10 as it is on the right track to being a good game, but is just missing those crucial elements of interesting gameplay and click to play dialogue with the characters within. i would love to converse with the earthworm and understand what i can do to help him, since he is so hungry that he's eating my windfarms and trees. he clearly has some sort of body image issues as only his head and neck come out of the ground. what lies beneath must be helped in any way possible.
not worth $10.
what have you done to this game,overkill?! so many dlc.rip payday 2
simply doesn't work, gfwl will stop you from saving or playing online, seriously. why! playing offline makes a semblence of sence, but not saving. what does microsoft achive from this? stopping all from playing without going through the game in one sitting (a suicide mission) or using illeagle cracks. they apparantly fixed this problem but still, everytime i load it commands me to install and log into gfwl no problem if it acctualy ♥♥♥♥ing worked. don't resk it, get in console or pirate it, just don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
if you like boring and tedious quests but find a coolish looking gun at the end you will like the game
counter strike global offsensive for poor people.
do not make an account with your brother and then buy this game and let him use hacks. 6/10
imagine a rusty pole going inside of you and it had hiv. its about half as painful as this game.
shoulda stayed in early access, had so much potential.
crossfire update runied the nostalgia and the game.
no.
updated drivers, all settings on low, lowest resolution possible...buttery smooth 1fps.i got a more stable framerate from arkham knight for crying out loud and that game was a disaster.0/10 do not pass go do not collect $200
>can't put machine guns on rotors to make them shoot/spin faster
so far this game has quite a few ups and downs. 1st: this game has great combat systems, great graphics and great everything! it is really a new experience each time you play.2nd: there has been a great deal of hacking/exploiting/cheating. but i am not one of those people who hates. i understand this game is only in early development. and that there is pleanty of time to fix these things and make it better!overall. this is an outstanding game with beautiful gameplay experience.if you are looking for a good fps with adventure, action and a good open world map. then this is definately the game for you!great game guys! keep up the good work and dont let those hatters stop you from making this game the game best of 2015!5 stars!........ this is what i wrote 1 year ago, and has the game got any better? hell no.the game is glitchy, has 60% of the community just blatant cheaters and not to mention the new updates that have broken the game completely. would you pay $40 for a game that has barely 60%+ reviews? because i sure as hell wouldn't.i thought this game would get better, and most games do. but to be honest, this game has only got worse. how you may ask? look up some videos from a year ago and you will see how.-5 stars!
i dont recommend this game beacuse it ius to difficult to play with other players in untyrned.
unrate because the game is all you do is treusure tresure treusure and storyline um just sick of it no offense but theres also another thing it's all wrong! the mighty quest for epic loot not as epic as my ♥♥♥!
rekt nubs, got bored very easily.
bad
would be yes if this game didnt cost more than whats expected..should be renamed from 'tea party simulator' to 'extra chromesome simulator'its way too hard to play.
now i dont usally write reviews to games but this is beond belief. the models are clearly re-textured from earlier arma games. and there are only like 20 vehicles in game, and most of them you have to pay extra money to have them. seriously , why buy $50 for a game thats going to ask for more money for less stuff. the only good thing in the game is the charecter customizer and thats not much to be cared for.
its a poo
this controller is far from perfect but it has great potential, but as it is, i dont think i can recommend it yet.... ive spent hours on configuring a profile for the controller only to have it mess up when i try to save it, because some times it resets all the changes i saved in the profile and puts it back to the default configuration....you can only save 3 configuration for anything out side of steam, with no way to switch  between them quick and conveniently as it has to be done in steam big picture mode , which crashes randomly sometimes.. when that happens, the controller stops responding and youll need to go back to your mouse and keyboard to open it again,  the controller is too tethered to steam which i feel hinders its utility.touch menu function unfortunately doesnt work on desktopthe gamepads onscreen keyboard is a little buggy as the trackpads dont register touch as responsively near the edges.
so this is emily is away!its quite meduim but i just have to say no.so i wondered if the dev made more chapters and maybe more scenarios before and after what happend here. there was not much good endings and i tried really hard to not be with emily and stay with emma but that didnt work. valve please fix.
completely bad. its not fun when you have a good pc and the best way to run bo3 is ♥♥♥♥.the zombies was enaging and quite fun.multiplayer felt like they thrown you into the game. \campain was, fine but it didnt feel like the other cods.overall i'll give it a 3/10. it didnt feel like the cods i played.
100 hour review w/ whiteout:downloaded.played.uninstalled.10/10 better than hl3.
single player (no friends) = ♥♥♥♥ this gamemultiplayer (screaming 5 year olds) = sell's it for cs:go keysthis game is just boring unless you have friends to party along with. selling this game btw just to loney :(
hmmm, its hard but i got to say i dont. the 1.6 style is very amazing but zombies is not the type to mix with.
lol rip off
not much effort was put into this game. all of the models, except for the gabe newell one, were just bought off the unity store, and put into the game. same with the textures. if you see a decent texture, it's because the dev bought it, and put it in. half the walls dont even have textures, and are just grey. the game is also full of glitches and frame rate drops. i made a video on it if you're interested. but do not buy this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amexksqf7ve
its a pile of ♥♥♥♥.
ok, i noticed that there are alot of reviews, saying that the developer (jens) isnt really talking to the community about this game and isnt updating it at all. i would like to say, thats not true. at least, not now. if you follow the blockscape website and facebook page, you will get updates every so often of what jens is working on. now, as far as the game goes....its quite good for the current stage its in. it has some very pretty graphics and has pretty good building mechanics aswell, however, they could still be worked upon. but this game is, at least i think, is worth supporting. i dont regret purchasing it :)edit: again, i have seen even more people say that the dev does not update the community about what he is working on. although, i can forgive this as it might be hard to find the devlog for some people. http://www.blockscape.com/v2/devlog/ there is the devlog. he is updating quite frequently on what he is trying to acheve and what he has accomplished. the extremely infrequent updates, are making it seem like no progress is being made on the game. however, i believe that the dev is waiting until he has developed enough content, to then release a decent update for the game. as you can see in the devlog, he is most certainly working on things. my view on the game has not changed as of late :). oh, i should also mention, it is only one man working on the game.2nd edit: well, a year on, and the game has gotten no updates. there has been some post made by the dev on the progress of the game, so he is working on it, and has shown some new screenshots of the game and how it looks now. but as of right now, i would not by this game. i think its potential is honestly extremely high still, but the future of the game is pretty uncertain at this point. here's hoping it all turns out okay.
these turtles are scary af
"son you can be anything you want to be when your grown up." son replies "i wanna be call of duty!"
30fps
it won't let me play with my freind
very fun with friends. has lots of comunity support mods/maps
get ♥♥♥♥ after a while
enjoyable gameplay but its increably gridy. to progress to newer weapons, vechiles ect, you can grind and grind and grind, or money! very money hungrey and unless you are gona play with friends it is not a fun game and i wouldnt recomend.
i would prefer to have aids rather than play this game
crap... just crap...
that momentwhen you realiseyou have to give him more money to get universe sandbox 2
bullfkin s**t, i have to pay more money for updates?
better off getting the original game.
♥♥♥♥♥ game. don't bother.
absolute joke of a port, do not purchase the pc version of this game. go get the console versions because they actually work and aren't run by absolute ♥♥♥♥ing morons. high voltage studios have dropped the ball big time with this game.
prior to play time i was expecting this to be scarier but in my 1.2 hours playing i was pretty disapointed there isnt anything scary about this game in the slightest ;p its 13 bucks down the hole -.- oh well, the unreal engine 4 this game runs on is pretty bad overall id rate this game a 2.5/5 it needs work there is potential
literally a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copy of clicker heroes. same save file name, 99% same gui content, just different textures.
zombies. i bought this game because of zombies and they took that and ♥♥♥♥ on it, while holding me down and forcing me to look at it, i cried, cried so much. after they finished letting the whole company of treyarch ♥♥♥♥ on it, they then shoved my face into it, i am afraid some of the ♥♥♥♥ has entered me, killing me slowly. now i sit here dying with call of duty black ops 3 shadowing all of my past mistakes. hopefully at my funeral this will be a message for all of the children to stay away from the cancer that is, the new parts of call of duty franchise.
doesn't play space jam theme song in new hoops update. 0/10
warning: if you own rayman legends do not purchase you can get all of the levels from this game in the next installment
nobody plays this gane, you have a better chance of finding a match in  ricochet
i have a hard time reccomending this game, yes it is fun and i understand it is early access but the fact it only has american servers make things quite difficult as i can't join an online match without being swiftly kicked for having too high of a ping
used to like it but now it's terrible. a bomb lands like 5 metres away then it kills you! wtf! gameplay is alright, pretty basic but i've played much better games. computer is cheat since in offline all the bots know i'm the spy no matter what i do. trading has made the game a mess. as you get better you receive random item drops, (this includes one item btw), and people sometimes want to trade for it. people can make trades that go their way or are a rip off to you, and now no-one plays tf2 anymore. it's just receive item then trade it. now everyone wants australiums and everything it's just messed up. used to be a good game, turned out crap.
most terrible game i've ever played. the newbies get smashed and never get a chance while they watch their team lose. why make a game with potential so crap!
0/10
the game has countless issues that still need to be adressed and the fact the game is no longer playable the ping sky rockets into the roof 500 ping and more the lag is insane 10 frames per second or worse and the experiance is spawn die spawn die spawn die the game was once good untill someone spilled there bad ideas onto the drawing board worse 20 dollors i have ever spent
the game is perfect but connecting to servers does not work this destroys it for me
would like this game but if your willing to take time and download so much and just waste time when you can get something else done instead good game but the downloading is just not worth it sorry thumbs down.
was such a great game till kabam bought the game and became money hungry, now all you need is money to have the best gear and be the strongest. dont play it, dont waste ur time!
i feel cheated, and i'm sure you fine folks at valve are completely aware of the reasons why. shawn murray and hello games should be shamed like the snake oil merchants they are.
this is a mixed bag. it's fun with friends, but it's not a lasting gimmick. at full price (what i paid), it just isn't worth it. if it's discounted and you want a quick laugh, go ahead. physics are funny for a bit, but it becomes repetitive and stale rather fast. but to make up for it, there are large content updates every now and again.tl;dr, only worth it for a cheap price
i was surprised by this game to say the least as i just couldn't get into it regardless of how much i wanted to play something bioshock related...maybe its because your a big daddy but i can see where people will like it but i'm just gonna have to stay away until i feel like giving it a shot again.
great concept, missing a lot of content that was promised.
community is mostly ♥♥♥♥ (like 80% ♥♥♥♥) but the game is alright 10/10 ign would play again....if i dont get annhialted by trash talk.   ;(
♥♥♥♥ing annoying
i only played the demo and it was ♥♥♥♥..i think the real thing could be better
nao.pq serio,eu odeio esse sistema de morrer lentamente se vc for mordido por uma fracao de segundo.e tbm o time me ve falando:"ei,gente,eu preciso de medkit urgente" e eles tipo,"ah,deixa ele morrer ele n ajudou nada ate agora"e esse aspecto me irrita muito.com excessao do arsenal q inclui ate arco e flecha na escolha de armas.mas os mapas sao legais,o estilo de jogo é legal,e o proprio design das armas e dos zumbis me agrada muito pro meu gosto pelo menos,mas eu n recomendo por que  o time de p.o.r.r.a n ajuda ne*engineer chega correndo* nope. 6/10
el matchmaking es un truño y no me deja jugar competitivos de perxita
este juego la verdad me disgusto bastanete.diseño de niveles pesimo,corto de narices,aburrido a mas no poder,pocos enemigos monotonosy es basura.da penaaprendan algo de pou, que ese si es un juegaso ♥.
unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥
this is a really good game and all, but just not as good as ride to hell: retribution.
theres nothing to work towards so i got bored really quickly and refunded the game... sorry
it is a good game but it is thw orst ever becasue they put boxes on the side of the track and thye dont move and ♥♥♥♥ your whole run up, pls fix or valve will sue for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matirial!!!!
the uninstall button work great best thing in the game 0.1/10
7,546 in-gamenotice anything freejam?
fuggin autistic cancer on steroids
got a 390, overclocked 4690k. running at around 60fps with massive dips of 20 or below. planet textures look like a**. wouldn't recommend at it's current state.
i want to give this a positive review so bad, but there's just nothing much being done on this game anymore. this games strength is definitely within its destruction, the devs just need to make more use of it.wait a few months. it can be reanimated yet.
i7-6700hqgtx 107016 gb ramscore:0i dont understand, this computer even had a vr ready sticker   :(
90% of the stupid asians are salty. no offense.
doesnt work !!!! cant sync for no appernt reason
this game isnt worth five bucks let alone 10 or 20, save your wallet and give it a miss!
this game used to be good but the dev's ruined it by removing tiers, then the tech tree and now tiered blocks!! this game was a great game but now it is thisthis games community is also 3 year old ♥♥♥♥
banned for using mods uncool rockstar
this game gave me cancer, cured the cancer, then kicked me in the balls, would not recommend. 3/10
refund it as soon as possible (you can refund gifts dw)this game is terrible.the game starts off so slow and then goes full on add with the pacing once you get your first weapon (which is a crowbar instead of a pipe wrench).the enemies have too much health.the lighting is so dark that you can't see anything.plus, the author has made it so that you can't install mods, not even skins.play the awakening if you want a better op4 sequel, plus it's free, unlike this abomination.
i've been falsely vac banned on this game before, but legitimate cheaters are always plaguing matches.css is better than this and that's a simple fact. in css you can't spray, there's no rng and it's more balanced. in csgo, you can spray with weapons like the bizon, there is so much rng with your weapon accuracy and the weapons arsenal is biased in favour of the terrorist team.one of the biggest turnoffs is the extremely toxic community. let us compare css and csgo once again: in css you had chill, down to earth people who you could talk to, make friends, learn about the game, etc. csgo's community on the other hand is full of raging tryhards who flame everyone, even their own team, and act like they're the hot shot who is carrying the team. additionally, you have a lot of hackers and dodgy russians on vpns trying to scam you.oh yeah, and the ranked system is stupid too because it seems to be completely unable to match up players of a similar skill.
boring gimmick ruins this game
the campaign is short and boring with a boring plot and the multiplayer is extremely unbalanced and all the new features break the game furthermore. so you can customize your killstreak loadout, okay but a lot of them are broken and one killstreak is called the care package and it takes 3 kills to get. with only 3 kills you can get a freaking ac-130 and cut up the enemy team. the worst killstreak is the nuke as it instantly ends the match. there's a barragement of overpowered and underpowered weapons, the acr wrecks all enemies and the m16 might as well not be there. the map design is horrid, offering infinite opportunities for camping. there's also deathstreaks which can increase your health, give you your killer's loadout, etc.then there's the community; teenagers claiming to have sexual relations with your mother, idiots who tell you to kill yourself because you're the host and the game is laggy without them realizing that the netcode is horrid, people who run around the map quickscoping/trickshotting instead of playing the game, people who intentionally make their loadout overpowered, etc. it's a blitzkrieg of flawed game design and you shouldn't spend your money on it.
i just bought this and nothing changes in game i didnt get the a6m5 the xp 38 g nothing i want to contact valve for my money back it says i have it but in game i dont
bip bop
too many zombiesreminds me of my childhood♥♥♥♥♥♥ic textureslike... seriouslyi came with the force of a thousand homeless men10/10heil der fuhrer
can't play after the updates, people who doesn't know how to play the game, after playing the game crashes and the ♥♥♥♥ing black screen
can't play after the updates, people who doesn't know how to play the game, after playing the game crashes and the ♥♥♥♥ing black screen
i tried. i tried liking this game. i really did. i knew it was cod or battlefield, i knew it worked differently. but when that differnece seems to change match to match, i just can't. how someone can, for a distance with a automatic weapon, get me in the head and instanly kill me, yet when i have a shotgun, point blank at an afks head, and still not kill them, it's just not fun.and the comunity, my god, the only worse one i've found is leauge of legends, and only becuase they were just spiteful of me never having played before rather then helped or even orded me around. in this game... it's just, alah ackbar shouted through the mics by people who sound like they aren't old enough legitimently have steam accounts. i've had one game where the people were nice, and the game was fun, and even though i had pretty much the same k/d ratio, i was still a help yo the team and they helpped back.i don't know what the competitive side of this game is like, and i was going to maybe give the mode a go, when i learnt how to play a bit more. but i haven't been able to learn, the experience is so inconsistent, i just have no idea how anything works.the weapons i get killed by the most, the awp and ak47, two guns that just don't work like they should, and i can't figure out what other are doing.at the end of every match, you can type things to the other team, but all i've seen is insults and agression.and that's not fun. i can see people who are top notch proffesionals sometimes not having fun while playing bacause it can sometimes be a job to them, but when it seems you need to put job like hours into a game on a casual scale to start enjoying it, it's just... an unsatifing experience.250+ matches, and i've leveled up once. the grind and climb shouldn't be that steep so soon.imma give it one more go, maybe in a week or two, i'm burnt out of it for now. one last go to have fun, or it's gonna stop taking up space on my computer. 
devs jumped ship. shame really, i really thought this game was gonna be something awesome. they say it is complete to keep the naive people happy. game is laggy to the point where you are unable to fight (screen freezes, next thing you know your dead.) anyone who has sunk countless hours in to the game like myself will know what i am talking about. lots of bugs, and the wingers that would not shut up about the raiding (saying shiit like, the raiding is so op nerf it!) but really they failed to defend their base and base design was flawed. running straight to the forums when they got raided, you also fuccked what was great about this game. pvp is not meant to be easy raiding is a part of the game and happens to everyone, if you can not handle it don't play pvp.unfinished + community full of bittches
country locked now. no servers for me anymore, if this gets fixed ill gladly change my review.
game was ditched by developer. sad.
wtf when did i buy this
played for the hat.hated it.
worse than the /b/ board.played one game and did no damage to all the pay to wins to get a knife community is dead from what i can tell too.only install for tf2 knife.1/10 knife simulator
spent a hour and twenty minutes, suffering, just for a hat. this is a horrible abomination of what some call "entertainment".i assure you, this is not entertainment.this is something jigsaw would put in a death trap.i would not want my worst enemy to play this.playing this, i wonder if it was deveolped as a tourture device.graphics are worst than ps1.would rather get cancer than play again.10/10 better than spiral knights.
this game had alot of promise but it is let down by how buggy and near unplayable it is. there is costant lag no matter what your ping so the combat is basically broken with the other players lagging all over the place. how they call this a finished product is beyond me. codehatch definitely didn't learn there lesson from starforge.
i r8 8/8
dlcs are like 7$ each thats a robbery
the anti cheat or whatever takes up 50%-70% of my cpu usage
its ♥♥♥♥ don't buy it if you do ,you are a ♥♥♥♥.
bull, the game its very fun up untl u kill ming becuse it wont load
heavy is the head that wears the crown, and it’s obvious from fable iii’s opening that it won’t be long before it’s weighing down yours.lionhead used the time between 360 and pc versions to add a new ‘challenging’ mode to the game, but i blazed through the final conflicts with one hand free to drum on my desk. the difficulty of tougher fights – werewolves are particularly brutal – is defused by your respawning just a few centimetres from your corpse, the loss of a pouchful of guild seals your only punishment.
dead island is fallout 3 with zombies. plenty of people are going to compare it to dead rising (as you can create weapons), but when i finally got past the game's obtuse opening and less than stellar cutscenes, i found a world rife with quests, interesting environments, and a character progression system that had me begging for more hours in the day. is dead island perfect? no. far from it. as much as i lauded it, dead island is rough around the edges and that's sure to turn a lot of people off. first-person melee combat doesn't feel natural right away -- although aiming with the mouse is far superior to the console control schemes. the same can be said for the pc version's graphics, which are way sharper than the playstation 3 and xbox 360's. that said, textures tend to flicker from time to time, i'd describe every cutscene as "stiff," and the visual flaws like hands going through doors and weird mini-game meters made me laugh. still, a eneering lackluster performer
pros-- decent selection of weaponscons-- everything else  this game is a buggy mess and the only thing that works is the uninstall button which does so flawlessly.
this is a truly awful idle clicker.
i got this for free and that price is about right. it's not really a very fun game. it's a laborious slow side-scrolling shooter with awkward keyboard controls. the gamepad may make the game easier to control but it won't make it more fun.
♥♥♥♥ing phlog
this game's fun to play, on other hand.. co-op is broke as ♥♥♥♥.
bought $20 worth of premium, got charged $160. gaijin refused to refund me, don't trust these scammers.
way too many glitchers, i know its a "early access game" but its been out for over 2 years its just a excuse because of all the lag and glitchers
this may be one of the worst games i have ever played on steam...
is it fun? yes. but it's broken when it comes to game mechanics. steal a key from a guard to make your escape, and your magically caught when he wakes up. drop some dirt on the ground, you're caught. it gets frustrating especially when it takes so long to prepare yourself for an escape, and while this can be a great game when it works, when it doesn't you just feel cheated.
very buggy game with terrible graphics.the only good thing is the sound effects which are very nice.
slighly boring gameplay, par graphics and a poorly optimised game for the pc makes this a tough review. i do enjoy simulators, but you have to be a train fan to really enjoy this game.
airport ground crew simulator 2014.
the base game is boring. you get all of 2 or 3 trains with 1 line. for $39? no.if you want to make the game more exciting, you have to pay $30 for each dlc. and there are a hell of a lot. there's over $2000 worth of dlc. hell, there are dlc's of the same thing, each costing $30. no.this is the biggest rip off game ever.
this game is not worth $89 aud. i'm lucky i bought it before 2k jacked the price up to $90. it is so far from being worth even half of the original price. it's essentially a mod, not a completely new game. i am extremely disappointed.if i'd paid the full $90 for this, i would be beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off. if you're expecting a whole new game, don't bother. pick up civ 5 on special. it's essentially the same game.
boring. first task is to walk for 10 minutes to a specific tree. when you get there, what's that? all you do is click a button that says "action" and that's the entirety of cutting the tree down? oh, and look at all these other trees you can't even cut down. there are literally thousands of trees.... that you can't do anything with. ♥♥♥♥♥est. simulator. ever. i mean, i didn't expect much from a tree cutting sim, but god. the entirety of the game is walk 10 minutes to a tree, press "action" and that's the entirety of the game. if i'd paid the full $15 for this, i'd be really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off, but it came with a bundle.
got gliched on the first level :( may change my opinon if it was a mobile game but no its for pc
its ok
no
this game is like living in an ♥♥♥ hole
boring 5 min game that all you can do in is walk and on 1 level you can jumpdont get it
gg valve has abandoned this game
nobody plays this game on pc!there are a lot of things wrong with this game. they’ve used the same graphics engine as mw3 and some strange new engine for movement that is heard to get used to. there are some elements in this game that’s completely new to cod, like having fire mode perks for almost all guns. however in saying this they’ve also taken a lot of elements out, simple elements that make cod… cod! like care packages, they’ve been completely removed and replaced by “field orders” that only one player in the game can have at a time and the order it almost always really hard to do. the maps are painful and the server response time is real. but the biggest thing is that no one plays it! “0 potential games found…” and on every game mode. if only they did a good job on this game in its early stages.
go with friend on pve server to learn game. some guy comes, say hi. he destorys all our stuff. we cant hit him. ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10
horrible.bought this game around 1.5-2 years ago. several engine changes, taking out core features that make this game unique.dev team clearly don't know what they are doing. something that takes a normal programmer 2 days to do, takes these blokes 2 months.shameless cash grab, exploiting crowd funding.scam alert.you have been warned.
this is an early access review!i am reviewing this because i dont like the direction this game is heading. making threads in the forums doesnt seem to grab the developers attention.before patch 231 (dino nerf) the game was becoming very stale. patches used to come out once a week, now we are lucky to get one once a month. the patches that do come out, are riddled with bugs and unwanted side effects.balance is still a problem, even after patch 231. if you are employed and have a life, forget buying this game, bigger tribes full of unemployed neck beards will greif/raid you during the day when your offline, or at night when your offline.there are bugs that have been in the game since day 1, like falling through the ground and dying, unacceptable. dinos not harvesting resources, clipping issues, the list goes on.yes i am aware this is an early access game, and bugs are to be expected, but somethings should be patched immediatly due to the nature of gameplay.there was a time i would recommend this game, hence my hours played, however the direction this game is heading, i cannot.4/10
poured alot of hours into dark souls 1, unfortunatly this game pales in comparison.if your from an oceanic region, forget about pvp, its impossible, it will only frustate you. phantom hits galore, and 99% of pvp people expoit this with katanas and rapiers.havent fixed covenants again, forget any other covenant other than blood bros and sunlight, the rest simply dont work.single player feels disjointed, not much time was spent in level creation, it obvious it was a b team effort.the icing on the cake is they are releasing a better version a year after the orginal release with upgraded graphics and bug fixes, basically everything they promised on the original release.if your looking into getting into the souls series, fotget this one, and go back to dark souls 1. better pvp, better lore, better level creation. period.
this has to be the worst game i have ever played in some 20+ years of gaming.i love my rpgs, but this game is the worst. in fact, its so bad, im not gonna bother writing a wall of text as a review.its buggy as hell, like alpha release buggy, the gameplay is boring asf, a ton of fetch quests, broken mechanics like falling into the ground. its so bad, the community had to patch this game to be even remotley playable, even still its a mess.keep away!!! you have been warned.
how many times does a company need to get it right?after2 releases and numerous patches its in worse shape than it has ever been.latency/connection has, for some reason, gotton worse on this release. so again, don't bother with pvp.covenants are still broken, why bother with anything else than blood brothers? the rest are broken and dont work as intended.durability bug? yup still there.the thing that gripes me the most of all, is the imbalance of items in the game. some weapons and armor are so profoundly overpowered than other equipment, that it makes no sense to use anything else. which leads to a dull repetitve game with the same thing over and over again.if you own the vanilla dark souls 2, dont buy this, its a downgrade.keep away from this stinker, nothing to see here.
what happened to the days of making pixel art with coloured blocks :(
no man can refund this game :(
ya know... ive spent 200+ hrs on this gamethis game was what i would go to chill out with friends but now its a god damn rng game with chances as low as hillary becoming president and as much micro transaction as donald trump complaining about the mexicanswelp im gonna go check if i have any sti's remaining cause i keep getting ♥♥♥♥♥ by the game, no lube no condom10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥♥ by a game again
warning: do not subscribe!!hi guys, i'm diabz. i've been playing quake live for six years but i started playing quake 3 arena in 1999.i've been competing at the highest level in my region since around 2002. check out my channel http://www.twitch.tv/diabzlive to see what i'm about, and join the conversation about quake live at http://www.esreality.com/with the launch of quake live on steam it's imperative that prospective subscribers understand the dangers of subscribing to quake live.quake live has a development team of two people with one supporting staff member. this ensures that their development cycle is slow and suggestions from the community are ignored. the quake live admin are also world famous for censoring voices of dissent and employing a fascist ban regime when people give feedback or complaints.as a result, quake live is a stripped down version of quake 3 arena (launched 1999).it has no lan support.it has no matchmaking.it has no anticheat (and cheating is rampant, considering the ease with which people can code cheats for a 15 year old game).every few months, they repackage decade old q3a content and attempt to market it to users as "new premium content".i subscribed since the subscription model launched a few years ago. i have been following the development of quake live closely as i am a passionate member of the quake community.i must strongly advise against anyone subscribing to quake live due to the lack of content, lack of updates and fascist admin.don't fall for it!edit: all of the features and content of quake live plus loads more can be purchased all for a once off price here: http://store.steampowered.com/app/2200/
paid mods. what has happened to you valve and bethesda?
south america is satan and russians can only play pudge are just a few of the many lessons dota 2 has taught the world today.
♥♥♥♥ign aweful dont buy this peice of ♥♥♥♥ its worse than aids literally hitler ♥♥♥♥ign trash game> very ♥♥♥♥ing fun when your teammeates who are a 4 stack can kick you and you bet banned for a ♥♥♥♥ig week because they thought it'd be a meme, if you alredy have this game uninstall it and pray for valve to impliment a remove from libary funciton for this trash excuse for a game go ♥♥♥♥ yourself cs:go
it wont open i have tried everything. every thread i have seen including the developers thread.
biggest ♥♥♥♥ing piece of ♥♥♥♥ game i have ever seen in my life. nothing to do, game is broken as hell. guns don't work properly/at all, graphics are bugged, zombies make no sound when attacking and are extremely fast so often times you'll just end up dead, the list goes on. only bought this game because it was 9 cents and i can sell the trading cards to make some money back.do not buy game is ♥♥♥♥
edit 2 years on.this game has barely changed since backing three years ago.the original concept and developer narrative was along the lines of story/quest implementation.this was changed to open sandbox and 3 years of development later there is barely any change, the same bugs exist; and the game is still broken (despite early access, of course).i would not even recommend this game as early access.  there are games i have backed that were more expensive, released after this and have been fully developed and released.the most updated feedback/development i remember seeing from sauropod regarding this game was a blog about how they moved office's...and were too bogged down/busy at that time to update changes they had promised.if i could get a refund on this waste of money, i would.  it is not the game that was originally pitched, which made me buy in.  it is a joke.---------------------------------------------------------2014 review below---------------------------------------------------------waste of money.the concept was great.  the timescale and development of broken mechanics is awful.the same bugs still exist almost a year on from the original release.  posts from admin/devs addressing the issues give statements that the mechanics are being overhauled and refactored.this was the original message on release.  several months later, when i checked back for any new improvements, and again it's still the message almost a year on.save your money, nothing to see or do here.
i don't even own this game
you had something going... but then you just rushed it out and never even finished the game...
wow these devs should just go kill themselfs, ♥♥♥♥ us loyal supporters by publishing a dlc of the game which is the ♥♥♥♥ing game itself then  basicly made the game free and caused us to waste 30 dollars ♥♥♥♥ you devs
comprei o jogo faz mais de 1 anoaté agora não consegui entrar em nenhum server pois este jogo crasha200/10
i don't like high textures, sorry.
taught me to never pre-order again. bounds and leaps behind its ♥♥♥♥ing 8/10 incredible predecessor. this is honestly among the most boring and unstable piece of ♥♥♥♥ i have ever played, had to physically push myself to play it not to mention lacking motivation to finish it.tl dr; get just cause 2, otherwise known as the greatest game of its generation.
i cant connect with mah friends :/
it is a awful game
i can't give a full review due to not having a rig able to run it.but from what i've seen it's a third person shooter in the future i presume.i might give a full review of this game if i get a rig able to play itdoc holiday signing out
pros:. decent characters. moderaly appealing weaponscons:. zombies move to fast and do too much damage. if you get surronded you are garunted to die. machine guns are usless against the horde. your guns reload too slow when trying to deal with the horde. friendly fire is a over all liabilty. armored zombies take too much damage. pistols for any class except the point man are peashooters. bland and boring levels. unessary use of invisble walls. if your at low health you might as well give up because you are way too slow too runover all a bland uninspried left for dead clone without all that made left for dead great. all though  some effort seems too be put into it, it just has too many major problems to make it worth recommending.2/10 though these problems can fixed with patchesdoc holiday signing out
o jogo é bom porém tem o matchmaking mais horrível que já vi na vida. você está no nível 12 por exemplo de alguma classe e cai contra os caras nível +50 com armas muito superiores a sua. se quiser passar raiva jogue sem gastar nada mas se quiser ser um deus no jogo compre tudo o que conseguir com o dinheiro da sua carteira
lag simulator 201410/10 - ign
"godus empowers you in the role of a god, allowing you to sculpt every inch of a beautiful world that you look down upon, on which a population of followers settle and this may be so, but its about as far as anything in this game goes.  pretty dull and boring, i wouldn't pay any more than a couple dollars for this in its current state and would not recommend buying it before final release.
okay concept combined with cool dynamic maps, held together by a horrible pc port and rubbishy vehicle upgrade systems.. the game doesn't really hold any explanations of how to play, it has the absolute worst feel of any game i have ever played (no decent background music, just the horrible tinny sound of your bike, which sounds like a nitrous buggy that has been burned out), and to top it all off the game is quite short.  definitely would not recommend, even after buying during a sale for $4.
is it better than v2?  probably.is it worth buying considering v2 was free a month or so ago?  probably not.to save myself from repeating too much of what other reviews have said, i will simply say, too little content for too big of a price.yes, the bullet cam is pretty, and the performance has undoubtedly increased since v2, although a maxed out game is very very taxing, often dropping below 60 frames on my 2x gtx680s in sli..  but it seems as though rebellion has tried to save the pretty mediocre story, the generic, "go shoot this person" style of gameplay and the huge lack of content (4 rifles, 4 subs and 3 pistols, no more than 9 levels and huge lack of multiplayer and cooperative stages) by simply tying the whole mess together with the recurring xray bullet cam, overall giving us a game that is not fun to play given the frustrating problems (objects failling to render at distance, predetermined paths despite quite large maps).  add this frustrating gameplay with the overall lack of content and you'll be left with very few hours of fun and most likely an unfinished story.side notes--a $10 dlc came free if you preordered the game at a $10 discount- a nice $20 off, but still probably not worth buying.-weapon and mission dlcs available very early on.. as much as i hate to admit it, even call of duty offers more value in their dlcs-a personal annoyance is the way the sound masking works.. if you attempt to cover the sound of your fire with, say, a malfunctioning generator, this can be done.. but if one is to fire at the most marginal time after the actual sound of the generator stops, the enemies will automatically detect you, even though if this were to work in real life (even though a backfire is obviously quite different to the sound of a gunshot), would they not  fail to recognise the shot after the backfires have finished due to lack of recognition of it being a gunshot?  ei, if a gunshot can be hidden amongst a similar sound, why can the gunshot not be disguised at any time if they were to just think the gunshot is a backfire?
2/10 would not recommend. trailer and pictures are quite deceptive, game performs horribly for what it is, it is loosely cooperative but mostly ramping pvp campers, the map is quite dull and unoriginal and the actual game is hardly even a survival game as the ♥♥♥♥ing nether things like to pop up behind and arserape you before you have the chance to leave spawn..
well, i'm 15 hours in and my feelings are mixed.i really like this game. i like it because it feels like i'm working towards an end. i enjoy the feeling of being frustrated with limited inventory slots, both exosuit and starship, but knowing the answer to these problems is only a galaxy or three away.but.....i have that dreadful feeling that boredom awaits just around the corner.repetative? yep!the content is really lacking. the "newness" wears thin pretty quickly, only to be repalced with that "wtf, thats it?" type of feeling.i'd seriously hold off on this one until they add a ♥♥♥♥ ton of extra content or the modders get busy.save your $$$. buy empyrion galactic survival and with the change take the family out for a meal. you'll be happy you did!
early access games......seems i never learn my lesson. potential to be great, but as it stands, without a mmo platform it's quite tedious and repetative.fps are terrible on my machine, and from what others are saying, this rings true for the majority.will surely revisit this one in another year.
tactical?nothing tactical about it! typical fps run/hack/slash.if you want yet another run of the mill, follow the leader types brainless fps, this is for you. waste of money.
tenho os requisitos recomendados e laga pra krl , não recomendo :t
poorly optimised, hard to use interface, really stuffy ui and for a game centered around mounts the mounts seem to be the least fun thing in the game...
bad game microtransactions and its boring as all $hit
crap!!!!   this game is not fun i paid $1.00 on it and i want it back
can someone help me please i got this to listen to and i cant find them there not in my music idk were they have gone....................help!!!!!!!!1
laggiest game ever
it says i need a working internet for some reason i hate that game
laggiest game ever
it says i need a working internet for some reason i hate that game
early alpha, very limited things you can build / do.people seem to just be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just because there's nothing else to do.i managed to build everything possible and have a mount and there was just nothing else to do.
if you do not mind getting destroyed by stage 1 monster, hours of grinding for a single characters or perk, and waiting an eternity to find a group to play with, this game is decent. otherwise, don't bother with it.
they gave me an invalid serial code0/10
you're bad at your jobs.im doing as you say
do not buy this piece of crap.  worst most corridor filled game ever.
enjoyed the hell out of the beta, loved the game on release, my mates and i pouring many hours into this game. some free and paid dlc comes out, which is fine as i'm keen for more maps. however, the dlc keeps coming and coming, begin thinking overkill is going overboard with the dlc. still waiting on things that were promised before the beta was released, features that were fairly basic and should have been in the game. i was content to just stop playing and leave it at that, but then overkill brought out this microtransaction weapon skin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, despite their insistence that microtransactions would never happen.so now i'm here, giving this a negative review. it's a shame really, because the game was great at first. but then they just got greedy and now we're left with this. before they implemented microtransactions, i would have said, "at least they didn't get as greedy or as stupid as turtle rock studios did with their evolve dlc". but overkill went the step further and completely one upped them, which is a pretty (un)impressive feat.damn you, overkill. you ruined something that was fun.
2.9 hours of waiting for the game to create a squad!!!!! ive contacted ubisoft support and nothing. does anyone know how to get around the creating squad problem, i cant even get to the main fricken menu because it doesnt even get to load to there.
i wouldnt buy for a few months or years....i totaly regret forki gout 10 dollars for this game instead of rust...pros- -good visuals-good mechanicsnegs--no one to play with (kind of a big deal 'cos its multiplayer based-almost exactly the same as "world of warships" but with another axis that means you can go up and a smaller player base-micro transactions in a 10 dollar game?-out of date engine in a current gameso yeah, i would wait until its f.t.p...
globally banned without warning for accidently having cheat engine open when speeding up ftl and being invited to play arma 3. battleeye needs some work. otherwise, the game is very well optimized and good; even the single player campaign was well worth it.just be careful with your key and make sure to close any potential blacklisted executables.
got it and two other copies for free, regret it and none of my friends will take them.
bought itspend 5 days downloading itfianlly booted it upmade a rockstar accountdidn't work
so, i got this game as a gift, and from face value, i would never have brought this game for myself. and after playing the game, i still wouldn't suggest buying the game for $10us.there's plenty of good things about the game, the sound track is amazing, some of the characters are endearing and the boss battles are decently varied and offer a modest challenge.i liked how they tried to do something different with the battles, but outside of the boss battles the bullet hell games aren't fun or exciting after you've encountered them once (and you'll encounter them repeatedly, thanks to the laws of random encounters in jrpgs).however the vast majority of the game is simply... vast. empty space as far as the eye can see.the overworld is plain in the visuals, composed of a ton of black space with nothing to provide any sort of visual stimulation. the 'puzzles', which are touted as a large portion of the game, and are frequently referenced by characters in game, are lackluster, unchallenging, time-wasting and unsatisfying. a few characters are absolutely delightful, but in a game that has about 8 main characters, 3 of them i found endearing, 2 were bland or just tolerable, and 3 were downright annoying.the art style is very inconsistent when it comes to several of the characters. i know this was a game made by several people, but when one character looks detailed and in depth and another looks like they were drawn in ms paint it makes me wonder if these were just placeholder characters who the developers never playtested through and realised they needed to fix, or if it was just laziness on their part.on all i enjoyed the destination, the ending of the game was refreshing, but the journey was a horrible bumpy road along a stretch of empty desert in a car with an annoying dog that pukes once every few minutes.overall i absolutely adored 30% of this game, and didn't like 70% of the rest. so i'd suggest waiting for 70% off.
no
ok so i really need some help with this game i have not been able to play it much because whenever i go in to a battle it stuffs up because the flag poles start going all over the screen and its a pain in the backside as this game looks cool and stuff and i spent like 90 dollars on it so could someone help?
no multiplayer/online multiplayer
love the game but always a pain to join in sick and tired of trying to login
some very ridiculous things happen in this game
some very ridiculous things happen in this game
on the first day i saw a hacker dont buy xdddd
this game is amazing! it is a must by but there is one problem... most of my time playing this game i have crashed so many times!!! it really needs patching for crashing, its crazy. i'm not sure if this happens to every but be warned, crashing may happen alot. pecebuy this game anyway + has the best devs alive
i love this game. i really do. but i strongly advise not to buy this game until it is fully released. or at least not for the current full price.pros:-this game can be really pretty if you have a good enough pc-the cannibals are terrifying-nice inventory and crafting -lots of stuff to build and docons:-can run like ♥♥♥♥ if it is being played on a 'low-end' pc-glitches galore!-the storyline is kinda boring-i dont even remember the storyline right now-co-op needs to be overhauled and fixedoverall, i give this game a 6/10 in it's current state
horrible completely unplayable on mac. my mac meets the requirements but whenever i get near to another person i lag out so much so i switched to an aussie server and i had 20 ping but still lagged. another problem is that the sound is all broken up.i wish for a refund. this game is ♥♥♥♥!!!
♥♥♥♥ing terrible
lacks realism...bad game
meh...
5 words: do not play this game
this game is bs it wasted all the 22 bloody minutes of my life and my computer cant even run it it needs such good graphics and it costed so much. the open world i horrible and no one likes it besides the people that do.jksps im not one of the people that like it
best reviews ever 10/10oh... i had to be reviewing the game?... it's a piece of ♥♥♥♥.
game was great untill you made it ptw
hmm this game many mod and i boring with this game you know
♥♥♥♥ this game. freee to play mmo's are all ♥♥♥♥. there not free more like "free to work"!!! if you pay for this ♥♥♥♥ you might acctually have some fun kicking other peoples asses, but if you dont pay then expect to work your ♥♥♥ off for everything. this is not the worst mmo thats "free" but its certanly not better than a single player game.
this game is flat out too complicated! i dont even get a crosshair!! too many controles, too much sniping and blurry lensflare graphical vomit. i am utterly disapointed. day of defeat is better than this by far
it sucks!!!! do not buy it!!!! its way to complicaited there wierd ♥♥♥ decks and ♥♥♥♥en complicaited ♥♥♥♥ and the controles suck and the battle is way too zommed out for any real action, its super realilistic and not fun, i cant even figure out how to deploy my units!!!!! this is a game for people who have no life and dont like action!!!! i wanted company of heros with a modern theme when i bought this, and what did i get? i $30 dollar kick in the nuts
fun to play once.... but it has almoast no replay value.... also its the kind of game where its all about stats. there's not much skill involved.
10/10 would like another 7 daysedit 2016the game is much harder now, interface had changed, texture resolution has been downgraded. and theres been no progress on the game in basicly 2 years...   i want to see skyscrapers, more than one big city. npcs, sewers. all that stuff. but nope, insted the only real significan thing we got in 2 years was minibikes. and a terrain system that gitches more often.  6/10
i admit this game can be hilarious when you see it on youtube, you think it's funny, and you'll have a laugh and think "i don't know how this could get old". so you spend $10 on a game you'll play for 2 hours then never play again. ragdolls glitching everywhere isn't as funny when you've been watching it happen for hours. the game gets boring, i admit it can be funny at the start. but once you look back at it weeks later, you'll think its a stupid game, and you'll want that $10 back. don't buy, watch other people play it at most. the $10 are not worth it, if it was free to play i would be recommending it. but your only going to play once or twice before you stop. this game is not worth the $10 and you are much better of spending it on something else. for example food, water, thing that you need in real life. i've seen better games that are free to play. don't buy this game, if it was free to play then i would recommend it but it's not is it, it's not worth it.
this is a game dominated by all the good fps players, new or casual players will get completely flogged and have no way to counter that because there is hardly anyone playing this game anymore, the people that are, are the good fps players i was talking about. if you believe you are good at fps then by all means try this game, but why i don't recommend this game is because whether you're good at fps or not you're still going to get flogged because the tiny little aliens that move 100mph and change directions instantly are impossible to hit, unless you've been playing this game for years. this game does not provide a pleasant experience, do not get it, i beg you.
there is no ♥♥♥♥ing sound
quite a disappointing game. beautiful looking scenes and charater models - but the content is bland and empty. perhaps wait for sale, then again, perhaps not.
not worth the money for alpha... reccomended it when full release. fun but just too many issues. and make sure you ply with nudity on.
viro modinha tipo mainicreft e vai encher de criança nesa poa de jogo só esperem
why bother advertising a game that has co-op when the co-op doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing work
wish i could get a refund for the money i spent on this game, sadly it has become extremely pay to play
looks horrific, voice acting is horrific. can't reccomend it or provide much more input as i only managed 2/3rd's of an hour on it.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, terrible configuration. great game, but unplayable on pc. can't even savegame without games for windows live, which is now shut down.
*changed review to negative. overkill is an anti-consumer, pro-microtransactions company that spews out dlc like chips from a woodchipper. they have long abandoned all regard for the sense of honesty and the quality products they once had in their hands when they released payday 1 - their practices today are the definition of good-gone-bad. do not trust this company, and do not buy their products. perhaps someday in the distant future they will be a reputable and honest company.
na epoca de seu lançamento era um jogo otimo, porem agora o jogo recebeu varias dlc's abusivas, com conteudos muito pequenos e que sem eles o jogo fica quase impossível de se jogar na dificuldaade máxima e agora conta com microtransações para abrir caixas assim como o cs:go mas as pinturas vem com status para a arma, resumindo estragaram o jogo
booooooooo!i don't see how anyone likes this game, this game was easilly rushed and to me, the trailers look nothing like the real game. if the trailers did look like the game, i would intend in playing for longer than 5 minutes. good work uber entertainment, you make a game with a good and funny voice acting bad...
  my first hours  hour 1: first game started, learned controls and set off on a journey. i send my scouts back to my home land and my city had lost in war to the russians? how in the world did that happen? hour 2: started up a new game, made as many warriors as i could and declared war against russia, boy was that a bad idea. it took 8 turns to find out that my city had lost, wtf! hour 3:  5:00 am parents aren't awake yet, may aswell boot up my computer. loaded up civ 5, started a new city, and made as many warriors as i possibly could. then i declared war with russia. 10 turns later: i won da war! omfg! oh crap, parents are awake, better stop now. hour 5000000: almost won the war, turn off computer since it is overheating, turn it back on and the gpu is fried. the only thing i did on my week old pc was play civ v, and it broke it. wtf! its an okay game, but only play it if you have a room sized super computer!
dont even bother.
this game is really good but it is too much of a mess right now, it would be wise to wait for it to get less buggy. i was loving this game but all of a sudden when about to play the game it ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ on me and says nope your playing 30fps now and i spent hours searching for an answer and tried everythimg i possibly could but no luck.
i don't really care enough to write reviews, but this game i found genuinely dissapointing. i saw it on sale for about $16 the day before it's release. i remember seing the e3 presentation of the game and thought "hey, seems like it could be a nice mystery game with decent decision making that would effect the outcome along with some rather pleasent to listen to voice acting". so i had an interest in this title. but, did it fare to my expectations? nope. here's why.now i am going to avoid spoilers, because i respect that some will want to give this a shot themselves, but i strongly recommend waiting for a sale. like $5.00 sale. i'm going to start off with the pros, because despite my over-all disappointed there are some commendable attributes.pros:+voice acting - this is definitly the golden prize of the game. interactions between henry (rich sommer) and delilah (cissy jones) are engaging and rather entertaining. it definilty does a good job and genuinely making you feel involved in the characters relationship.+soundtrack - the ambient acoustic guitar throughout the game never got tedious and kept me enthralled and quite relaxed. +art style - a rather pretty lookng game, i definilty sense heavy inspiration of team fortress 2 especially in player model (a modded asset from team fortress 2). environment is pretty to look at. but ultimately feels kind of lifeless.+story (acts one and two) the sense of mystery surrounding the game specifically in the first two acts,  definilty made a rather intense on-the-egde of your seat impact. it was what drove me to keep playing till the end. but, this is where i get into the cons.cons:-not enough depth - i thoroughly enjoyed the first 40 minutes of playing. i initially felt the game could've had a lot to offer in terms of exploration. i mean, look at the map when you first get into the lookout. it seams plentiful, like there'd be a lot to find and discover. but unfortunately there's northing really to keep from following the rather linear pathway to keep the story rolling. i didn't get the flashlight till near the end of the game and i pretty much didn't even need  it. -lifeless - when you start off and come across an elk and then a  tree scratched to ♥♥♥♥ by a grizzly, i thought "huh, maybe there'll be an encounter with a grizzly". nope. asside from the gran-total 3 npcs to come across, there is very little wildlife present in these woods. even though the game warns of these encounters, they never occure. ever.-length - having finished the game in only 3 hours, i finally understand angry joes contempt for short ♥♥♥ titles, i've often avoided them because they aren't worth the asking price. i honesltly hoped this would've been a bit longer. 8 - 9 hours atleast. -illusion of choice - one thing the game did interestingly was the choices of dialogue between henry and delilah but ultimiately this was meaningless and has little impact on end-game. even the text based intro makes no difference whatsoever except for a naked sketch of you depending on how you choose pose. that's it.-ending sucked - a game presented like this, at least could've had multiple endings.... there's only two and they're both exactly the ♥♥♥♥ing same. all in all, i give this game a 4 out of 10. it's not really worth $20, if on sale for like $5:00 and you enjoy dialogue heavy games then maybe give it a shot. but for the most part, it's pretty "meh". 
it is apparent that valve is no longer in touch with what makes a game great.they're quickly becoming very good at making games really really frustrating.where have my compendiums gone? i had all of them, and now without explanation they are gone. that's the bit that i actually paid for, the compendiums.if you get this game do not buy anything because valve will break it and you will lose everything.i cannot express how frustrated and disillusioned i am with valve right now.also they didn't actually get the game working in the new client before they forced everyone to move over to it. the armory doesn't work at all. i can't do anything with any of my items, so it's all a bit useless.
the ending was lacking it felt like there was no real finish and it was kinda half done and not really complete, but the rest of the game is pretty good even so the ending is a mayjor let down.
realmente no puedo creer lo que estoy escribiendo ahora, nunca crei que no recomendaria juego de valve,  pero bueno, algun dia tenia que calificarlo.aclaro, esta es una critica seria, no esperen chistes sobre brasileros o rusos.cs:go es un shooter multijugador basado en 2 equipos que se enfrentan en varios modos de juego, sucesor de los miticos cs 1.6 y css, los cuales jugue en mi infancia, por eso me extraña escribir esta critica.aspectos positivos:- gran variedad de armas- la posibilidad de personalizar tus armas (skins, contadores de victimas y nombres)- exelentes graficos- exelente calidad de sonido- variedad de mapas- variedad de modos de juegoaspectos negativos:- si bien dije que hay variedad de armas, hay muchas que son inservibles por los nerfeos, lo cual conlleva a que en todos los servers esten utilizando las mismas armas: ak 47, m4 (sus 2 variantes), p90, desert eagle y awp- que valve no se haya puesto a trabajar en sus sistemas anti hacking, hay cheaters por todos lados- comunidad algo cancerosa- si sos novato, va a ser muy dificil matar en tus primeras partidas, es mas, olvidate de matar a alguien que tenga awp- que valve se haya concentrado mas en los skins- el sistema de dropeo, mas pobre que el de tf2 (una caja por semana)- que al parecer, argentina (y otros paises) no existan para valve, por lo tanto, el matchmaking te lleva a brasil, y de ahi te sacan (por votekick) si se dan cuenta de donde sos- los skins solo se obtienen por cajas (dentro del juego, en el mercado obviamente los venden), y las cajas disimuladamente tienen el mismo proposito que un juego de casino.- los "pases de temporada" costumbre estupida que adoptaron los de valve para sacar mas dineroes un juego exelente para jugar con bots o en redes lan con amigos, pero viendo que el juego fue obviamente diseñado para jugar online, no lo recomiendo.
ya las digo en un principio que no recomiendo el juego (si este es pago, si es gratis, si)para empezar, obtuve el juego gratis, cuando recien salio asi que bueno, primero voy a decir los aspectos positivos del juego:- interfaz y menu mejores- mejor calidad que q3- mas mapas que q3- tutorial mas completoahora lo malo:- armas nerfeadas, tanto que cualquier arma que no sea el rocket launcher o la bfg es inutil.- si bien dije que tiene varios mapas, muchos de estos (especialmente los ctf son confusos)- tardas mucho tiempo en armar una partida con bots- la unica vez que trate de jugar online, los sv argentinos estaban vacios, me meti a uno chileno y me kickearon, la razon la descubri con el siguiente item.- que el juego muestre tu pais de origen, forzandote a jugar con los que sean de tu pais, porque sino te sacan o te insultan.
i has high hopes for no mans sky, i really did. it seemed like a great exploration based game. the problem is that that isn't what it actually is. it is being ordered around simulator 2016. mine this, get that, fix this, and go there. the gameplay has little variety and it just isn't fun to play. i am planning to refund it and get my hard-earned cash back. do not buy this game based on the gype, it has little substance. on top of all that i tried to buy a new ship, only to find that it cost 100x more credits that i had 1 hour into the game, 10x for a new multi-tool. all i reccomend is to either not buy this game until at least some issues are resolved, or to try it and see what u think.
needs multiplayer.needs co op as least.needs ship buildingneeds proper recource managment.needs multiplayerdid i mention it has no multiplayer> ohh yes i did.
four months later and 3-4 teams of people still can't fix this posa strong indication that no matter how much you tweak and optimize a broken game, it still remains broke.shame on rocksteady/wb/ig/whoever is responsible for such a monumental f*ck up.will never buy another rs game after this debacle.
10/10 a must buy for all
hi guys this is my first review so lets get started.what i liked about this game:nothingwhat i hate about this game:everythingoh yeah, the heli is not flyable-999/10
please don't buy this game.its bad every 10 minutes max you live for. please dont buy, get dayz or something
this is quite possibly one of the best fps's around, even now.just kidding.why the ♥♥♥♥ do i even own this/10
more like "lords of the it freezes on the intro videos"
where is the gun and the sword?
not good.
this was the first game i preordered because i loved the fallout series's. don't think i'm going to preorder any game ever again
to be honest with you...  i wish i didn`t buy this game
lost every single game in career/story mode. so they name a shoe after me.
glad i bought it on sale.- short - 7-8 hours- repetitive predictable fighting.- only 4-5 types of identical enemies.- levelling system is weak+pretty+story is ok
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.
sean murray, you are a scumbag. don't buy this game.
counter strike, a game made far long ago and escalating so much into quite the achievement. as much as i wish to appraise this game, it cannot deserve a recommendation by me, the fact that you are so unforgivingly banned from matchmaking is pointless to say the least. i was disconnected due to internet hiccups for exactly 3 minutes and 24 seconds (yes i timed it) and it gives me a 7 day ban. the thing that makes this so frustrating is that, it was the first match back after another 7 day ban for similar issues. the fact that they do not forgive the fact that you may live in a woodland area where power can go out every now and again, or the fact that steam can act buggy sometimes gets it a 3/10 from this cs veteran.2/15/15 edit: i recieved yet another ban from matchmaking, this times issue was the following; i kicked too many teammates. let me begin by reiterating that i had just finally gotten back after 2 weeks of no playtime due to internet issues and in this first game, a teammate began to throw the match, i.e. shooting teammates, or shooting in the air around enemies. yes, someone (not me) called a vote to kick him and i agreed because he's throwing the match, but appearantly in 2 weeks of no matchmaking play, one vote to kick got me another 7 day ban. this is a continued portrayal to cs:go's broken economy and has dropped my rating to 0/10, how can a game be rated greatly when it prevents all access to competetive players even when there's a fallacy involved?3/13/15 edit: another ban to add to this list; this time it's from being kicked too many times, giving me another 7 day, and here's how it happened. the game was a comp. office; the ct was whooping our asses so far, yet with me being second top on our team, three of the players who were in a team decided to kick me, because they cannot win. this further proves my thesis that cs:go is still broken majorly when it comes to matchmaking bans; the utter fact that this game has the audasity (phonics ftw) to allow things like this to keep happening with no way of appealing to anyone about getting it lifted.
the fish don't swim away 0/10 ign
extremlely void of anything interesting
the community is absolute cancer.
i lose my money buying this..
more like bioshock: in name only(that was terrible)(not as terrible as this game, though)
i paid one dollar for this and i think i was overcharged.
this is a game that i would really, really like to enjoy. i've installed and uninstalled it repeatedly, trying to get into it. there are so many good ideas in here, but it's just terribly executed.tile yields for cities seem to be completely random, with no bearing on the type of tile or any kind of visual cues to clue you in. you can't check what status effect icons mean in battle, which wouldn't be too bad except that each icon can mean multiple things, so good luck with that. haven't been able to find a way to check a unit's range in a fight, either.it's a shame, because i love the way the overworld drops into the fights, which gives a double layer of strategy, plus the use of outposts to grab resources without having to start a whole new city if there's one spot you want to grab is something a lot turn based games could learn from.this is a perfect example that just having great ideas doesn't necessarily translate into a good finished product. pretty much every issue this game has stems from an awful ui, which seems like it could have been solved with a little playtesting.hoping to see another crack at it, in the meantime, civ v is that-a-way.
ok i might be over reacting...  but this game is down-right offensive/embarrasing... ok so 2k australia helps make it then suddenly every single character (except for a few) have a stupid australian stereotype attitude? to make it clear i've lived in australia since i was born and i haven't heard "g'day cobber" or even "g'day" since i was born, this is offensive to say the least. anyway redbelly as a play on nedkelly? who is meant to know that outside australia?also why the pointless platforming? i feel like theres actually no real use for it other than set up specific areas...also, i found i was leveling slower than the game side missions or not. i had to waste my time going back or attempting boss battles again and again. i was always 4-5 levels lower.and of course the moon zoomies... gah, its like driving a car in constant accelerationi mean whats better than trying to turn then flying of a cliff, only to fly off lose $6000 to $10000? (in my case) wait till its on sale oh and of course, i'm in australia, which means i'd payed extra due to usd. total price? $80 -_-
 this is a shining example on what to not buy. im sorry to anyone offended, however this is from my point of view and how they weakly attempted to supply anything new or making matchmaking pointless. single player  great!i've always taken a liking to campaign's of the various cods.i liked how interesting characters were reoccuring and didn't leave you with stoney silences.seeing as just like every game, your character is mostly mute.i however found that these new exo movements were magically selected for missions that specifically had those obstacles. also, how they were mostly used on one mission then discarded for the rest of the game...it had interesting cut-scenes ingame and premission. multiplayer  terrible... (taking exo survival into account)when suddenly i remind you, not everyone has 1mb download luxuries.wow, its really come far! as in from a uav spamfest to a asm1 spamfest.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ so about the other part of "multiteamdeathpit" is what i currently call multiplayer, teamdeathmatch is the only played gamemode except mosh pit.making most daily challenges, more challenges of you patience...weapons:the asm1s...lazers... plz no.positives:item drop system, everything found is completely free. looking at you tf2/hat sim.upcoming zombies gamemode! short version! sp: great; interesting plot & characters. nostalgic to older games.multi: bad; doesn't cater for bad internet. dissapointing, as usual. silly "exo moves"final statement: im reading up on the new cods before i buy them from now on.
i do not recommend this as the game is extremely simple. there is no challenge, no scares. the ai is woefully terrible, which i guess could be forgiven as they are zombies, however it just feels too easy on hard. i only played the first few levels, but the feel of the game just felt wrong. like an unfinished game. there needs to be more fun rather than an endless stabbing zombies in the head simulator.if you are a fan of the series and want a walking dead experience then i would highly recommend you go and purchase the telltale games series of the walking dead. they are brilliant pieces of storytelling that make you emote, and feel like you are actually making decisions that change the story. however if you wish for a fps zombie shooting game then you should play something like the cod:black ops 1/2 zombie mode.
i played it for free for a while and it is not worth $10.
terrible game. i tried to move the camera and it just went insane. uncontrollable. a waste of your time.
buggy piece of ♥♥♥♥. money grab made easy to mod so people can still enjoy it. ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s...
this review is going to be short just like the fun in this game. it's about 2 hours of messing around for no reason until you realise that $10 would have bought you a fallout game that can generate hundreds of hours of entertainment. just watch youtubers play the game and save your self some money and space.
it has problems and i cant play  it and now im in depression mode
cool concept but poorly implemented. problems i found is there is no ffa, no cooperative, dinosaurs are basically limited to zee germans. not a good game if you have a small party. if these issues multiplayer issues could be added this would be much better.
siege of dragonspear was the first producted i ever requested a refund for on steam, luckily my request was successful.it crashes every five minutes, i am not joking. half the time i fast travelled or entered a building it would crash.i only played about 30 minutes of it before i gave up on it and uninstalled the expanion. luckily my saved game was salvagable. my initial impressions were:* the ui in sod is very dark and quite unpleasant. * the game felt very linear.* it did not feel like baldurs gate, it felt like a poorly made clone. * the story wasn't drawing me in at all. it felt corny and 'simple'. * the voice acting was very average. * the misc. quests were less than two minutes long.not recommended.
attention 4k users onlydo not buy if you are running 4k. you will only see 1/4 of the screen. review will change when/if this issue is fixed. attempts to fix this issue through the steam version of ta wasn't possible. i recommend you buy through gog as that version can be used to run in 4k with a patch.aside from this issue, ta is an amazing game and one of the best rts games available.do not downvote this if you are not running 4k as this does not apply to you and this information is very useful to 4k users to save them time and money.
rip off of watch_dogs, cod aw and assassins creed unity and iii
rip off of watch_dogs, cod aw and assassins creed unity and iii
to bloody confusing using videos to teach players...why not have one in the game played it for a bit its ♥♥♥♥ for a f2p game i don't recommand this game for right now untill they get there arses of there seats and put a tutorial in game.
esse jogo é um lixo ... não vale nada do dinheiro investido nele muito mal feito bugado e mal optimizado tenho uma r9 290 um fx da amd 16 gb de ram e o jogo roda a 2 fps ... e ainda acham que deveriam vender esse lixo por 35 reais...
pay to play trash. -1/10. you can't play afk either.
one of the worst clickers i've played. very terrible, it's so bad it's a copy of one of the best clickers: clicker heros. ♥♥♥♥ this game and the devs.
it's buggy and i can't play through the first chapter.
it's bad. really bad.
the game is too buggy and hard to play with the bugs.
you have a better chance of winning and having fun against spinbotters in global elite elo than playing this game and having fun.
хорошо, где я начинаю? общие сведения: эта игра может шокировать вас и заставить вас смеяться снова и снова, даже при воспроизведении его для 3'rd времени. она занимает около 130 - 200 часов от закончить все квесты, и я гарантирую, что в то время вы не откроете для себя все, что нужно открыть. если вы не чувствуете, как квесты, потребуется некоторое добычу времени, пугать людей с магией и криками, раздеваясь их, воровство, маскировки, убивая драконов или гиганты, бросая капусту вокруг или просто чтение 1 около 250 интегрированных книг внутриигровых и рассказов. графика: эта игра снял то я думал, что невозможно и толкнул всю игровую индустрию к новым уровням. она успешно интегрированы превосходной графикой в много содержания. мир прекрасен, огромен и полон разнообразия и хотя немного темные по умолчанию это может быть очень легко изменить, просто выбрать один мод из мастерской. семинар: почему это заслуживают особого вкладку? потому что благодаря мастерской, ранее упоминалось 200 часов геймплея легко превратиться в тысячи часов геймплея. не нравится любую часть игры? измените его! изменить его! добавить в него! огромное количество модов делаются каждый день, и нерест ли они дополнительную кекс в вашем доме или добавить новые города с их собственными сюжетными линиями все они будут менять свой ​​опыт и продлить удовольствие. имя, что вы хотите сделать, это существует. все это. минусы: - мало возможные сбои, но все они имеют свои исправления, просто нужно быть гугле из. - немного слишком запутанным и подавляющим в начале. много нерешенных вопросов может положить вас в игре. это случилось со мной на первых двух попыток, чтобы играть в игру. я закончил тем, что первый город, став дровосек, убив курицу и получать преследовали охранников. но как только вы нажимаете на, вы ничего не будет, но рад, что ты сделал. кто я даже писать это? есть ли бедная душа, которые там еще не играли в эту игру? купить. сейчас. пожалуйста?
after winning this in a giveaway (in which everybody won because 20k entries for 50k copies), i decided to give it a shot. and boy do i regret it.the main cons i can think of include: crappy hitboxes (you will die if even in proximity to most things, including landing 'safely' corner above) the confusing story (so...you're a spirit in some hell-like demention or something? but you're a box? i'll be honest, i'm trying to recall it right now.) awful resolution (most of words will fall off screen on a standard 1920x1080) the options menu (very lacklustre, includes 'blood', 'effects (which i don't know what that means) and another unknown option)the only pro is that it likely is impossible, 200+ deaths and only got past level 2. though again, mostly because of the hitboxes.
unless you have hours on end to play you are not really going to do to much in fact in 3 hours the best thing i made was a half heilcopter half chair thing which din't evnt work.meh not really worth any thing more than $1.00
preddy ♥♥♥♥
steaming pile of pay to win.
odp is fun... at first.   my issues with it are:1.  targetting seems random.  with no controller support, you use the arrow keys to shoot.  shots go everywhere.  shooting right, the shot can go up to 25 degrees off course.  this can be very frustrating.2.  it's perma-death.  that in itself wouldn't be an issue if the game wasn't tough.  compounded with issue #1 above.3. there is no item reference, or log when you're in-game.  when you grab an item the description flies by way too fast.  i still don't know what the eraser does!ymmv but i find this game to be more annoying then fun.  it would be a few really easy fixes (and maybe a few harder ones... controller support would be good), but as it is now, i doubt i'll play it again.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. not worth any price. pirate it if you really have to play it...but its not worth it, no matter what the price. (not even worth $1). played better games that were free such as "how do you do it". story and gameplay is average but gets super repetitive (like alot)
dont get it on pc, it is literaly unplayable for me, and even if you get it to work, you need to dowload mods. this game does not deserve your money
hah... hah-hah-hah... no.
buggy as hell. i thought beta tests were for removing bugs pre-release?to list a few: crashes, disconnections from steam servers, neverending loading screens. they are frequently happening in my game. i have a high end computer and good internet so it can't be an issue on my side.
just crap
this game seems breathtaking. shame i can't play it because of the downed ubisoft servers.
warning  do not buy this game its a waste of money
not bad, but not great. there just isn't anything to do, and after a while it's just boring and monotonous.
for the love of god overkill. you thought it was a good idea to release a goat simulator dlc? jesus christ the goat simulator dlc cost more than the base game an excellent game but all the developers care about is money
you need a password
pior jogo que eu ja joguei na vida, grafico ultrapassado, jogabilidade terrivel , não comprem!!!
well i would play it but in the signing up page it asks what 23+1 is and my answer was 24 but it says its wrong
why is the bots so ♥♥♥♥ing hard!
so shut
this game is ok but u get bored of it after a whiile
it is very nice but well its not worth the money.tbh it rarely works on my system and so many complains from my friends.also it kinda sucks if you don't have friends.anyway if you have a good com and a lot of friends you should get this game when there are more patches that make the game worth while or wait till the full game is out and get it on a cheap sale.
when a body dies, flies swarm the corpse, you can't shoot or hit them with a melee weapon, 0/10ign worst game known to humanity.
sean murray should put a toothpick under is big toenail and kick a concrete wall as hard as he can.
i understand the game is free and it's pretty cool to have been made by someone so young, but there isn't much good to be said about this game apart from that. if a zombie starts chasing you, you literally cannot get away from it. i've played this game for about 2 hours straight offline on my laptop and i didn't find a single weapon. on the highest graphical setting the game it stull dull and lifeless, even for a zombie survival game. the $5 premium upgrade is pointless for the minimal amount of features it offers, i have to pay $5 because some server hosts don't want f2ps making their server look bad?sorry but there are about a million other games almost identical to this yet somehow better. 3/10 not even worth space on my hard drive.
don't get this game
it's ok but it could be better.
it's fine for the first hour, then gets really, really boring. there's very little variety, and it takes ages to finish a run.maybe you can coast through it on nostalgia alone, but you'd have to really love the original to justify even the 5 dollar price tag.
the single player in this game is great, but due to recent patches the multiplayer has been broken. games constantly desync and lag. if you want to get this game for multiplayer wait until the devs patch it
this game is disapointing in that, while it promises a authentic ww2 era sniper gameplay, instead what it gives you is a broken mess of a game with broken ai, flawed stealth mechanics and a disapointing story.however the bullet camera is impressive and the graphics look fairly good, however i believe they can not compensate for the underlying flaws this game possesses.buy sniper elite 3 instead
the single player in this game is great, but due to recent patches the multiplayer has been broken. games constantly desync and lag. if you want to get this game for multiplayer wait until the devs patch it
this game is disapointing in that, while it promises a authentic ww2 era sniper gameplay, instead what it gives you is a broken mess of a game with broken ai, flawed stealth mechanics and a disapointing story.however the bullet camera is impressive and the graphics look fairly good, however i believe they can not compensate for the underlying flaws this game possesses.buy sniper elite 3 instead
the game is all bugged, frames have issues with alot of computers and it still has not been fixed, definetly not reccommended to buy.
this new weapon skin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t have just ruined the game and overkill's reputation. we know you want our money by releasing medieval dlc's every month, but you have just taken it too far time. the 400+ hours that i enjoyed of this game were great, but now i feel like i should switch over to the game you tried to rip-off (csgo). ♥♥♥♥ you overkill, you definitely did overkill your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game development this time.
still stutters and runs just as bad as arkham city. gameplay is the same, nothing new.
lags on high end pc even on low settings. gameplay is smooth and well developed but the respawning system like in insurgency is ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating and unoriginally irritating.
disappointing coming from paradox. the game is just a chore in the end
microtransactions?...
มั่วดี555 สัส เบื่อชิปหาย ควยขอคืนเงินก็ไม่ได้เสือกซื้อแบบ gift เกี่ยวไร555
i knew i shouldn't've, but gave this game the benefit of the doubt because theme hospital was one of my favourite games of all time and thought this could do alright. it's basically a mobile game adapted to pc - definitely not worth the $3, which sounds a bit harsh, but... there's just no gameplay. sure, there's a tiny bit of management re: building rooms and elevating mood, but with all the clicking patients to make them happy, etc. it screams mobile. the music is repetitive, the levels are fairly boring. you can't draw your own room boundaries, it's nowhere near complex and yeah. just not for me.if you like not being challenged, buy it. if you're looking for something like theme hospital, turn around and keep walkin'.
crashes. crashed for me on pulling a lever to get to the mechanical age and lost all progress.
▸ i immediately regret my decision
gimme an epic upvote if this game and starbound taught you to never buy early access again.
don't buy this, not even for the 50c price it is often on sale for. it's not "so bad it's good". it's just thoroughly unfun.
aimbots everywhere, pay2win, ugly, laggy, generic.
gets old fast. not worth $10.
after paining my way to get all the achievements, this game has left a bad taste in my mouth.
wanted to play this game.but i couldn't because of the insufferable control scheme and a mouse sensitivity akin too micheal j fox being a brain surgeon.
i don't see how people think this game is decent.i don't know why people compare it to ground-breaking zombie titles like killing floor or l4d2.it's just another gamemode. a garry's mod gamemode. and besides, what's the point of having an "armoured" zombie when the regular ai can survive two point-blank shotgun blasts? it's pointless, really.-make damage factors more realistic-use better zombie models-add more types of zombies-remove the "1 minute standstill" kick-add more maps.
this is not a review so much as a warning, i was compleatly unable to play the game as mouse inputs left click, right click or movement where all broken and there is no support for the game so there not likely to ever be fixed.i looked for a manual fix for my problem but all i found where more people with the same error that no one seamed to resolve as well as a tone of other bugs. if any person who buys a game has to look for a fix for it before they can play something is seriouslly wrong and while people are haveing no problems 10$ on sale is still a gamble for something that might not work
fun for the first 25 hrs then its just repetitive. same ai, almost exactly the same planets, and same minerals across all star systems.
no
buggy af
pros:pretty fun with friendspulling off difficult heists with a team gives a great feeling of satisfactionversatile and diverse customizable tech tree that suits you're playing stylesolid combat mechanictons of masks that you can customize to your own personal tastecons:buggy as ♥♥♥♥constant failed to join gamestoxic communitynetcoding is non existantgame crashes at the most inopportune timesconstant barrage of dlcs that could have been included as free contentsafes and drills are completely uneccessaryuseless ai botsconclusion:overkill spends more time shilling out dlcs and microtransactions rather than fix up the horrible netcodes and bugs. if you want to get everything and all the dlcs, get them on a sale and highly reccomend hoxhud to offer some form of ♥♥♥♥ing direction.edit: was the additional money and exp boosts neccessary? i am sure that the thousands of people who tell you this was a bad idea wasn't getting through, do we seriously need to drill some sense into your brains in this day and age? (pun intended)
with the multiplayer servers down, single player seems like the only reason to get this game. getting the dlcs seems kinda pointless (unless you want to get the g2 bruticus and g1 optimus skins) seeing as how the multiplayer servers are down. basically rendering half of the achievements null. played war for cybertron, while it lacks dlc and such, at least multiplayer is available.
does anyone even remember this game? pepper ridge farms does
this is the worst flight game i have ever not had the pleasure playing. simply terrible. first of all it seems to be a ios port. secondly the graphics are ♥♥♥♥ poor and you can only change resolution. the ui and menu for the game is weak at best you will always be wonder how to get out or how to get to the shop. the game provides zero help on how to do this. the control system for the game starts out with the arrow key to fly which is really hard to use to i switched into mouse control as soon  as possible. there are also game pad controls but i didnt even bother. the in game missons are way too easy i was squaded up with a random guy who was play the end game missions while i was still ina biplane. it didnt matter because the enemy ai just flys strait at you and fires. there is no crzy dog fights or any thing. the historical point of the game gets thrown out the window when i realised that the first biplane you get has dump fire missiles (im not even joking) .  if you really want a decent flying game that has skill and is still fun dont come looking here just uninstall this and goe get warthunder it does everything way better
everytime i join a server it takes ages to load 1-2 hours and it crashes avery 15 minutes
fui banido sem motivo nenhum!!!!!
i remember playing this game a while back, and thoroughly enjoying it (i never got the full version, however). so when i saw kag on steam, i was like "oh boy a game that i liked better go buy it". when it downloaded, i opened it and already ran into a bug; the game's window was bugged. i went to the options panel on the menu, but nothing. nothing about fullscreen or the resolution, just controls and other nonsense. it took me 5 minutes to find on google that you had to change it before pressing play on the little window that pops up. why not just put it in the settings? is it some sort of limitation on the software used to create the game?so, after fixing up my resolution, i decide to play a little bit of sandbox. and god it's horrible. back in the old time of kag, it had a simple building layout, with 8 things on it. simple and easy. now you have all these wires and lamps and other bullcrap that don't actually need using.  what the hell is wire doing in a medieval game, anyway?  i couldn't even select things properly, they just select themself when you scroll over them. this is when i quit. honestly, i couldn't give two damns about the community, i just want that damn build menu fixed. until then, i'm going to have to give this a 2/10. why must you hurt me in this way 
i've tried this out when it was a demo. i was really looking forward to this, with the intrigue of a dark secret in hideaki's past and the somewhat entertaining cast.i've played through a couple routes and although each has managed to move me overall, i feel something's a little lacking.-auto function is wonky and i need to kick it up again every now and then.-i was promised voice acting. where are the voices?-pacing can be a little awkward with the sudden time skips. this is particularly visible when you engage on a route. i would've liked to at least see how hideaki is interacting with the other characters instead of them being put on a bus. maybe have a little more of hideaki's narration if he actually has been pushing the others away. the story will feel a little more fulfilling that way.-sometimes i feel the route ends too quickly, and the closure after each route's climax is a little rushed. i've been whammed by the events and while i'm still reeling suddenly it's all over.yes, the plotlines are technically complete, but they leave something to be desired. i hear there was a patch but the last we've hard from the devs is all the way back at the end of march. i'm not getting my hopes up.this is an okay visual novel, just not the best i've read. if you want this, get it at anywhere lower than its full price.
asco de juego
this isn't fun at all.unless you like playing with people from russia and like not knowing anything thats going on. but, i was fortunate to get this game when it was free for a day or so. but i would definetly not pay $10 for it.
the only way to make this game good is to make your character look absolutley ♥♥♥♥ed up. it's not worth $70 for a 5 minute giggle to yourself all because your guy looks like a mutant from fallout 4, that has black parents, a twin sister, and his names "freq" (freak).would rate 2/16, such trash.
"trove: adventure, explore, create, dream big"so i can do all this after waiting 40 minutes in queue?
i like the part where you pay 2 win but dont even win because there is always someone out there with more money than you.6 diks outta 10defs would never maybe sometimes play again
this game makes no sense, every time you have a good pair, the bots always have something 10x better, you finally get a good card, everyone folds on the first round.0/10 would smash my montior into peices again
don't play it, not even for the free hats.
warning opinion imcomingthis game could be better if the community wasn't so toxic over one player using one different item and the gods were actually balanced to the point where you could vs a team and not get stomped because you have a team full of randoms i'm surprised people like that in a game (i understand if you're the one doing it, its fun)
this game isn't fun anymore, its just hackers, smurfs, boosters and trolls (at least in australia), i wouldn't recommend anyone to play this game, i've played 300+ hours and have hated the last week of playing it. if you do decide to play this game, be prepared to lose to smurfs, hackers and deranking teammates. worst community 10/10
hello all, i was so hyped for this game i bought and then the game hit the start of screen and it was completely black and then it just crashed, now i did a lot of things to fix this issue and found out its not my computer but the game its self, it does not run for some reason on windows 10 computers with all the requirements to run this game, i will put the game on follow and i have already refunded it, please devs fix this issue its been 6 months or so since the issue was found, please hurry it up and fix this issue, new gen computer systems like windows 10 should run this but for some reason your game is not opitizmed for it, heck my computer can run homebrew - vehicle, on high graphics but not even start up this game, i was really looking forward to playing this game. all i ask is for the deves to adress this problem as a major number 1 objective and fix the issue.
a huge disappointment.this game comes really close to emulating the quality of the show, but because of poor writing and the flawed template that telltale uses, it ends up being a frustrating, tedious experience. your choices don't mattter - the game revels in not giving you any control over what happens, and then blaming you for every character's constant failures. and its frustrating, because the game starts strong with well-written and well-voiced protagonists. but because its using a licensed property, nothing you can do can impact on the world. and that's really frustating when the antagonist is already a cannon character. apart from that - the game engine is hideous, the dialogue choices feel limited, the writing has new characters feel like cartoonish characatures, and all gameplay is either pressing a direction for movement, repeatedly pressing q then e or walking around for 2 minute spurts. what a bummer, episode 1 and 3 have some quality writing, but the rest just do not live up to the name.
a machine for pigs is positively one of the most dull games i have ever played. while the sense of abject fear and its triggers can vary from person to person, i found this game does very little in the way of actually attempting to scare you. the majority of the game is spent fumbling around in the titular machine looking for the next gate or doorway that the game has opened for you, while solving puzzles you fail to see the purpose of, as well as following a story the game refuses to explain to you. the monsters are not scary as you're not punished for looking at them, and you pretty much know what they are and why they exist from the start. there's a lacking fear of the unknown to their presence really.the game didn't really fool me - perhaps i've played too many games, but i could pretty accurately determine whether or not i should expect a monster, and the majority  of the time i did not, and nothing appeared. its boring and devoid of enemies and basic survival mechanics in the same way that the 3rd penumbra was. don't bother.
payday 2 forums and payday 2 the game gave me cancer#unbanstevo2016link to group together we can stop the coruption that is the payday 2 mods: http://steamcommunity.com/groups/getstuffedpaydaymods
okthis game is greathoweveru cant invite friends and i cant allah achbar jhad anyone like wtf xdsteve irwin
wellthis game sucksi dont known how to express how bad this game is words could not describe how amazingly bad this is thier is not a word in the dictionary to describe how bad it is"this game is worse then cancer"esto i would love to install it again in the future just so i can uninstall it again cause i do wot i wantin conclusion this game sucks never ever ever download ps ♥♥♥♥ of labour
best uninstall simulator 2021wont let me movechanges my controls to ♥♥♥♥ onestutorial is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible wont let me join any games 666/911do not install
nao joga essa ♥♥♥♥♥ pq nem login da pra intende nessa ♥♥♥♥♥ vai se fude filho da ♥♥♥♥ q invento essa ♥♥♥♥♥ de jogo ♥♥♥♥♥ do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
it's a ♥♥♥♥en ♥♥♥♥ game, don't bother
this dlc is great! my favourite heist brought to the second game for starters, a fun little melee weapon, a nice enough grenade launcher, free to buyers of the original dlc.. looking good-- wait. what's this? no bodhi's pool repair uniforms? i'm sorry, overkill... you were so close too...
if this is the kindof game you want go play diablo 3 (which in my opinion is much better gameplay wise).
grind the video game!!!!!!p.s if you don't spend money you're ♥♥♥♥ed
i found a rainbow rodent and tried to commune with me. i then refunded the game and bought starpoint gemini 2 with the money becuase it was on sale for $10, starpoint gemini 2 is a space trading and combat game, think elite or eve. you fly around a vast galaxy, smaller than in eve or elite though, doing missions, trading, mining, bounty hunting, etc. captain your ship and level your captain in a rpg-like fashion. i turned to sg2 for that eve online fix. i would call it a simplistic eve, but it's still very good to scratch that eve itch. you can forget about the rpg system, it's so simplistic, but the rest is a full fledged space game. the game's looks take a little getting used to, coming from sharp and shiny eve or elite gfx, but after a while it grows on you and flying around the galaxy is as fun as usual.getting through the story and all dlcs can take about 50 hrs, then there's some additional hrs if you want to replay sg story in sg2 engine, and then there is freeroam. freeroam will not be so fun after completing everything as your ship will obliterate everything that the game throws at you, but still, 50-70hrs of game time looks quite amazing considering you can get this on sale.i liked:* quite a large map* lots of different ships* large amount of weapons and enhancements* flying in space shooting / trading / uncovering stuff!i disliked:* capturing ships is the only way to go if you want to make big bucksget this:* if you're looking for eve offline and don't mind simpler experience* if you want to fly in space and pew pew stuffdon't get this:* if you're looking for complex space simreview by http://steamcommunity.com/id/rmzfm/p.s: don't by major/minor unless you want to know what 12 guage tastes like.
shitest games ever
so much lag -_-
such ♥♥♥ a sucks games i ever seen its said i have promblem but when u create an new slots and i choose sam b nd not working soo its a ♥♥♥♥ games in the steam
this used to be a fantastic hat simulator, now it is a fantastic queuing simulator of sadness.
the worst
since august 13 (2013) to dicember (2014) was an amazing coop game, my favourite. i loved playing with my friends and with the new ones that i made in the game. i really enjoyed each hour that i spent in this game stealing banks, crafting drugs or when your noob friend ♥♥♥♥s everything in a stealth mission. in that time there were only 4 or 5 dcl. i admit, my friends and i used the dcl unlocker (this hack only unlocks those ♥♥♥♥ing dcl) and we were not kicked or banned (dollar is really expensive  in argentina, i am not gonna pay more than 70 pesos for 1 dcl which include some virtual weapons or a map). since dicember (2014) to nowadays there are 30 dcl. overkill only thinks in money. people stop playing the game, no one buy the game because of all the negatives review. 90% of the negatives reviews complains of all the dcl. and of course there are the small comunity fan that defends the game and buy every ♥♥♥♥ing dlc that this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s makes.oh, and about the dcl unlocker, it can't be used anymore. if you use it you get kicked of every time that you join a heistsummary: 2013 - 2014 best game i've ever played 2015 - nowadays it's a simulator which objetive is buy a dcl that you can!
por la culpa de un supuesto error del vac no me dejo unirme al competitivo, me comi van por la culpa del mogolico de steam, gabe tiene diabetes y es down como alcia. poronconcha de gabe. tatata de gabe. fournier de gabe. cancer de gabe. down de steam
el juego esta no me entretuvo ni una hora. no lo recomiendo. no vale la pena pagar 15 usd por esto. les recomiendo que se compren el counter-strike: global offensive que vale lo mismo y es mucho mejor. a demas solo hay alrededor de 3.000 personas que juegan este juego, en cs:go hay 400.000 personas diarias que juegan
fu<k no
doge no like
this is the most buggiest, laggyiest peice of ♥♥♥♥ game i have ever played. the trailer shows you what you can do however infact you cant even do half the ♥♥♥♥ in that trailer. being spawned in the middle of no where is not ♥♥♥♥ing fun either. this game has been in alpha for almost a ♥♥♥♥ing year. a ♥♥♥♥ing $5 cooking simulater would be better then this garbage. should you buy this game?... ♥♥♥♥ no!
the game is great when u can play it. i have only finished 1 game the rest of the time it drops out all the time even when playing single play. i can not play the game becasue it all ways crashed.when playing the game 8/10overall game with problems 2/10dont get it until the game gets major updates or fixes.
it is a good game. if u play it every day of ur life. if u dont all ur building will decay and u will have nothing. 4/10
the game is great when u can play it. i have only finished 1 game the rest of the time it drops out all the time even when playing single play. i can not play the game becasue it all ways crashed.when playing the game 8/10overall game with problems 2/10dont get it until the game gets major updates or fixes.
it is a good game. if u play it every day of ur life. if u dont all ur building will decay and u will have nothing. 4/10
only 300hours in and im already breaking the game, too easy, doesnt recommend it.
if you liked the boxhead games but wish there were only three characters and weird af animations, then this game is for youin addition, when playing it feels like communism: the game as everything is shared; money, ammo, weapons.10/10 would buy a shotgun and have it appear in my friend's inventory instead again
just no
dlc with early access... your prioritys should be-finish the ♥♥♥♥ing game-then worry about dlc and other content once main content is finishednot-start the game-have constant updates and a good record then ruin it by making dlc because you decided to turn into a bunch of cash-grabbersseriously guys wtf
microtransactions ♥♥♥♥ing really???not cool overkill......
garbagehorribly designed, terrible interface, buggy gameplay, buggy interface, buggy coding, buggy lobbies, runs like ♥♥♥♥ on high end systems, recycled combat for the past 12+ years, nothing innovative, lackluster and incoherent storyline for singleplayer, craptastic matchmaker, terrible netcode, looks like a game that was made 10 years ago (oh wait...), and worst of all the playerbase. nothing remotely memorable about this game, or praiseworthy.  there is a very good reason this has a 4.5 out of 10 on metacritic user reviews, this franchise of "games" is a joke and has been for years. this game and the company that supports it clearly appeals to autistics and 13 year olds that have no taste in games. did i miss anything?
don't waste your time with this in it's current state, game is overrun with trolls that ruin the entire experience for those trying to play online, and the game/developers do little to curb this or to even explain much in the game world.
this game is the biggest phish mostly everything you see in the blockland video is a ♥♥♥♥ing mod
if you want i game when you can kill and be dinosaurs get ark not primal carnage. this game has little to offer in gameplay fectures and contect. its fun for a few houers then it gets boring,also even though it is soley a multiplayer game its server could do with some work.
2016 and still plagued with horrible optimizationat 5 fps this game is literally unplayable1/10edit: banned out of nowhere with 0 explanation despite multiple tickets to bandainamco and looking like there's no answer back from them in sight. don't waste your money, just torrent it.
i think this universe simulator starts you next to your crashed spaceship to remind you that it's actually a crashing simulator
honestly all i can say is it doesn't feel like a souls game in the slightest, the ridiculous wait before you can even start to see the impact of unlocking new biomes is unbelievable, and the combat gets dry and stale within 20 minutes.on top of that, there's no key rebinding, and the developers have said they'll only make dlc if the game sells and performs well, and it'll be paid dlc. honestly where it stands this game isn't even worth $20, let alone $30, and they still want to make the dlc paid accessi'm sorry but i just can't recommend this game in it's current stateit's by all means not a bad game, it's just not worth $30 and i have severe concerns for it's future
underage girl dressup simulator/10
help me
wait until they fix coring costs. for now, i suggest going back to europa universalis 3.
why play as the dark knight when you can play as the dark screen?
cod is ♥♥♥♥
i was really looking forward to more baldurs gate after all this time. i had some fun, but there is a lot to dislike here in my eyes.the big one is the bugs, including save game corruptions, difficulty randomly flying up and down on loads, broken quests (which required a full restart of the addon at one point), broken dialogue (i was unable to use m'khiin after her dialogue broke to the point she kept talking about dead goblins), occasional unresponsive ai, achievements being popped not corresponding to what i had actually done, and a few bizarre crashes. multiplayer is broken, and mods are the same. one might think these will get fixed, but beamdog hasn't got a great track record with these things (i've not once been able to do rasaad's questline in bg1 without it breaking somehow, and this from 6 playthroughs).i also consider the writing sub-par in some areas. many points in the story didn't hold up, and quite a few characters felt badly written or forced.some of the new items were kind of interesting, but seeing as they mostly don't carry over into bg2 i can't really see the point, and quite a few items are outclassed by vanilla gear. i am ambivalent toward the new ui, but i do wish there was the option to change to the old one. the shaman class isn't very good compared to existing classes, and i can't see doing a full playthrough with one after messing around with one.
the fact i own this game will forever stand as a mark of shame
solid shooter, crippled by syncing issues and the large amount of dlc. good deal if its on sale.edit: changing to not recommended. they ♥♥♥♥ed it. nicely done overkill, really.
absolutely am disheartened to see my favourite game in cohort with steam's utterly dissapointing plan. this review isn't related to the game design but rather the end experience. to see such a manipulation is very dissapointing.however, i must praise the community for being so vocal and remaining in solidarity with what has struck upon. thank you, modders and those that share their voices. let us be heard.
mods = dlc really valve
i played for a while, and i just... didn't like it. it was barely an mmo experience. i felt like i was playing a spongebob ps2 game. it sadly was not a fun thing for me. the puzzles and everything else about it were fine, but i dunno. maybe it's just me? maybe i just need friends or something? who knows.sorry spiral knights.
how to play destiny warriors:1. get in a battle2. press the "enter" key repeatedly3. heal sometimes4. you winthis game isn't very enjoyable. i was lucky enough to pay only 30 cents for this game. don't ever buy this at full price. it would be a waste. also, poor translation, crappy characters and wannabe naruto storyline.  2/10, at best.
another game jumping on the same ♥♥♥♥ing lame microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for easy cash. here have a free case from playing this game you bought, but wait you gotta spend $2.50 just to get a cosmetic that should be unlockable. it's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
total uninstall
is this real life?
its pretty lame when you play it for a full 2 months straight.
worst game in history
fun at first but it get broing very quickly. very quickly.
no.
why was this released with so many bugs?
nah
a joke of a game with non existant optimization. its old engine utilises only 2 cores which means that quad and octacore cpus suffer.even on high-spec machines, this runs at sub-40 fps, and still drops in high density areas.your gfx doesnt even matter, since 90% of the rendering happens on the cpu. despite this, it still looks garbage and the animations are laughable.basically, this game will never run well on hardware unless the engine is changed, which judging by the appauling progress of this 'early access' will never happen.buy this if you enjoy unplayably laggy games or enjoy wasting money on overhyped underdeveloped games.
♥♥♥
unfortunately, after a brief period of actually being able to play, now i can't. damn
broken as ♥♥♥♥ my servers will not show in legacy browser or not if anyone has any suggestions tell me or otherwise this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
would have recommended in the past, now i can only recommend you abandon the idea of touching this game or any nrs/wb game that exists or may come to exist. they don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about their customers as evidenced by their actions, and as such don't deserve any to begin with. when (more like if) they start respecting their fans as a whole across all platforms, as is deserved, then maybe it could be considered a better idea to buy their games. the sad part is that lots of people like me bought the premium edition, which is by no means cheap, and most people would think that doing so would allow them some sort of special rights when it comes to dlc, usually in the form of a discount or early play. that way, eventually everyone will still get to play it. dropping it completely is not only a foolish choice as a developer, but unfair on the whole community plus those that went the extra mile to be cut short. tl;dr ♥♥♥♥ you nrs, and ♥♥♥♥ you wb. greedy scumbags. if i could get this refunded, i would, and would recommend everyone else did too. keep treating people like this and you're going to lose a lot more than one platform of consumers.
they say they fixed the crashes. just got to the end of hotline miami on deathwish. game crashed. loaded back up and joined back in. game crashed again 3 seconds after joining. my team failed because i was the inspirer. verified that it was in fact the game and not an internet issue. thanks for fixing nothing overkill, this is beyond a joke. lies after lies.-edit: again crashes on,shadow raidgoat simhox revengepro hox breakoutand first world bankfix your ♥♥♥♥ing game and get your ♥♥♥♥ together overkill!
when even season pass holders need to pay for the added content of weapons, armour, taunts, etc, then you know there's a problem. i love the game, even if it's my least favourite treyarch campaign to date, but after spending so much money to get it, i can't see them needing money so badly that this has to be a thing. dlc 3 and 4 better be something spectacular.
good things: vivid, retro, tilt material.bad: music is repetitive and has one of the worst possible notation i have ever heard. wall jumping is like watching a person with dislocated knees and ankles, sprites are very... idle and unsettling, like that of a java game on the internet. sprite designs are unique but lazily done. also, everything about the intro. never heard of i wanna be the guy huh? or i wanna be the boshy? the only way this makes you tilt, is the disappointing work done.not really reccomended. a little more time and effort may have made a better outcome and strea/youtube material, but overal, a disappointing fail.
honestly, from the whole genre of horror survival, this game breaches just over the barrier. sadly, for me, this game goes completely opposite. the atmosphere and structure is completely fine. just one of the main issues is, that this game left out one of the main important features: sustainability.no need to worry about sanity, tinder boxes, oil or laudanum. as the lantern is electrical, you heal like wolverine, got no brain to become insane and tinder boxes? the hell are those?only the atmosphere and the setting really put me on edge, but everything else could have been impoved like for instance; charging up the lantern, sanity and a possible health system.it's sort of fun, only if you haven't played the first amnesia game. if you have, then this game is completely different and really killed my hype for thi game, a real disappointment.
can't change my keys binding. everything change to none after i left click it. best 5 minutes game ever.
this would be a great game, you know if it didn't crash and lag as much. seriously i love this game but i can only play the first few levels due to the extreame lag and consitant crashing. the limited options in settings doesn't help either. would only recommend to those with a really good computer.
used to have a proper positive review and recent updates have really sent the game up ♥♥♥♥ creek.new xp system has divided the community and waves of people are quitting as the game is pretty much geared towards no lifers now. don't bother buying if you have a job or go to school. the grind before it becomes fun is too real.
the game itself looked... good i guess..but every single time i play it, the game crashes after i load whatever stuff..well most of the timeill give it a 6.4/10so yeah, i don't really recommend this...
this point and click adventure was had to play without aposable thumbs. 0/10 ign best game i've ever played
♥♥♥ off
the game has a secret feature they didn't tell you about press t to enable and type then press enter/return
ไอสัสเอ้ยยย เล่นไม่ได้คนเล่นไม่ได้ก็เยอะ มึงยังเอามาขาย ไอ้แย่เม้ดดดดดดดดดด
not good not bad
okay so before i start this very short review i would like to note that though i only have 3 hours in this game i have played roughly 200+ offline in the past, before it was on steam. also note that i am comparing this to aoe2. okay so let me start with the plus's of this game.+better graphics+bigger mapsthats just about all i can think of for plus's.when it comes to the minus's i'd like to think i have a fair comparison when looking back to aoe2 and this game. so this games "rts" system is probably the most unqiue and bull ♥♥♥♥ excuse for a game under the genre... the games ai is broken as ♥♥♥♥, the level up system is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and dont even get me started about the varity of teams. a small thing that made aoe2 unique was the randomised team names where in aoe3 it uses actual historyical figures to play as, all of which are terribly voiced over. i can't stress enough that this game is a watered down yet stale game.i cant recommend this aoe game because it hardly even stands up as an aoe. ps: yes aoe2 is one of my favorate games.
 alright, time for a review update. this game, which was as overhyped as watchdogs, is still sitting in the early access alpha stage. what the fuc k happened to the development speed of arma 3!? all the talk about "buying more studios and hiring more employees for these studios" is and will always be utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ t.never touch this game,   ever. [/b] want something thats free and more better-developed than this hulk of garbage?try the bf2 project reality mod. thats far more better developed and full of more content than this "game" ever will have.talk of little birds? horseshi t.talk of new vehicles? who's going to be around when thats ever done?talk of beta by christmas 2015? who's going to bother checking in on this laggy, unoptimised crap?please, for the love of whatever made us, don't spend $45 on this title, you could instead spend that on that takeaway joint down the road and feed yourself for a week straight. or gym membership, considering how stupidly far we have to run to somewhere that has'nt been looted. we could be all marathon runners by the time this game gets into beta.and for the love of shi t, don't give us that soontm for every status report you release, nobody is buying that anymore.all-in-all:  i've seen games developed by highschool dropouts make better games than these "professional developers" ever will. it's pretty much their wet dream each night.-21/10 ign.
rest in peace payday 2. you may have had a butt-ton of dlc, but you were still fun nonetheless.but the 4th birthday celebration turned this game to a steaming pile of bulldozer sh*t.in reality, would you be able to carry an m60 like it was an amcar rifle? hell no."weapon rebalancing" = "we decided to mess around with the guns and nerf them (literally, turn them to nerf guns!" and one more thing, you now have to deal with a csgo and tf2-like system of unboxing and recieving crates to get some of the old stats on your guns back! have fun! cheerio!" - overkillall of my shotguns (even dlc) had been reduced to mere pellet-guns.my.fuc*ing.meatcombusting.splattercannons.frag shells? useless!tripple-0 bucks? 'tis but a scratch!sluggies? "try again pls lol" <-- shieldyet another game in my library to be permanently uninstalled.goodluck overkill with the walking dead. gonna be fun watching you p2w that too!nerfguns/10 - jesus dibble
fix the crash-to-desktop when after join a server and get to 'message of the day' screen, then i'll get a positive review out.the main crashing bugs in this game honestly should have been fixed far before most of twi employees left, or even after the game got released back in 2011.game is amazing, think of it as battlefield with a diabetic serving of insurgency. realism at it's finest. nowhere near project reality though.but the ctd bugs are holding the game back since last content patch, which was about 25 oct 2015. we're already halfway through 2016 and there has not been a patch, hotfix or anything like that since. don't expect the devs to keep updating anymore.you have been warned.
  if battlefield and arma had yet another child, but arma decided to cheat on battlefield with cod, got divorced and now lives with cod and his microtransactions in his smelly shack in the swamp, this is that game.  
♥♥♥♥ dis ♥♥♥♥ im out
not the best of games. its not terrible, but it is buggy and very unbalanced/unforgiving at times.
this could have been a great gamei bought this game less than ten minutes after launch. the graphics looked alright and the idea seemed great. unfortunatley the devs decided not to optimise the game at all and skimpped out on basic animations i.e attacks are always the same from the evil demon people and theexplosions would have issues. after the game was optimised though it proved a pleasent experience. the grapices setting the same i had more than a 40 fps boost and could play with more than 60 frames. unfortunatly the animations are the same and the crafting system can be useless. i wish the devs good luck wih later games but please make the launch better and the mechanics work.
good game, ♥♥♥♥ devs
mod is 10 times better, i force myself to play this crap.
i bought this because i was a big fan of the old aos. this however, is a poor attempt at modernising the old version. so, in total i would give this 2/10. it has better graphics, and more destructible terrain, but otherwise sucks. get the old good version by googling 'build and shoot'.
no, if you any self respect... dont buy this game.
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, do not buy it. go and buy a fattiest burger and eat it, it would do better things to your health than this game will...
...good atmosphere, great graphics. ...♥♥♥♥ story, ♥♥♥♥ gameplay, ♥♥♥♥ scares and ♥♥♥♥ entertainment
marvel puzzle quest’s game mechanic is amazing. as a fun of puzzle quest, i got hook to this game early on. however, the pay-to-enjoy aspect kills it for me. the game encourages players to have a large roster of heroes in order to enjoy a specific mission for the week. in order to increase your roster, you need to gain a currency which is acquired through drops from prologue battles, finishing a mission with a high ranking score than other players or purchase it with real money. obtaining a hero you want or levelling a hero you have also requires too much time and money. gaining a 1 or 2 star hero is not a problem. getting a 3 to 4 star though is a different story. you either have to be lucky at getting a 3 star hero from the standard cover drop, finish a mission with a high ranking score, or use gold to get draw a cover from the mission drop.
everything about the game is great. what is not great is not being able to play it because of a black screen issue with the game. disabling the steam overlay and tweaking the anti-aliasing mode for my nvidia card didn't fix the issue. still waiting for the devs to find a fix for this issue.
if you are interested in grabbing this for the love of god avoid the pc port like the plaque. horrible keybindings and no support from warner brothers ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me off to no end. to the game itself yes grab it to this port hell ♥♥♥♥ing no
at first glance it seemed like a pretty interestomg title making me easily think that the nostalgia would come back to me but that was short lived. if you have a 360 controller you might enjoy this title but for those who do not have a controller the ♥♥♥♥ poor keyboard controls and the inability to map them myself instantly put me off this title and to add to that the bugs and glitches feel alot worse than playing the original titles.for the hardcore group you may get a kick out of this but for everyone else i suggest you stay away.
when i first looked at the title i thought it would be a documentary based an all aspects of free to play games but not its pretty much to me just a giant dota2 commercial and switched me off after a couple of minutes and no offence but that 5gigabytes is going to be used for something the will acutally provide me with entertainment thanks.
it's called payday because the devs make millions by ripping people off with dlc and microtransactions.
do not buy this game.spent all day downloading it on my slow internet connection;launched it for the first time;started customising and found an unbelievable amount of paywalls for a paid game;launched the tutorial to learn how to play;tutorial had a bug that prevented me from doing the very first task;decided to go straight into an online game;died several times;computer literally bluescreened;uninstalled.10/10 would test steam refund for the first time again.
game is promising but will die very very soon, devs don't care at all about playerbase and don't seem to want to implement an acceptable anticheat. easy anticheat is garbage.
frustratingly clunky, slow and clumsy mechanics and controls make you feel like you're controlling an autistic child with a toy lightsaber rather than the apprentice of one of the most badass siths in the star wars universe. enemy types usually progress as follows: 1. run-of-the-mill goon 2. guy that strengthens run-of-the-mill goons 3. bigger, more powerful run-of-the-mill goon with different colour scheme 4. a whole group of these bigger, more powerful run-of-the-mill goons that effectively jump on you and take turn ♥♥♥♥ing you in the ♥♥♥ until you die. what makes it worse is that this all-powerful sith apprentice you play as takes 10 minutes to get up after being knocked down, so when swarmed by these big groups of enemies you'll often have no chance to actually fight back. you don't actually feel like you have control of what's going on due to the bad controls and horrible game design.the only things good about this game are the lore, the character design, and some of the locales.avoid this game if you can, you'll just end up bashing your keyboard or controller into oblivion.
"hey guys! we'll overhype this great new installment in the renowned fallout franchise, get you excited enough to buy the season pass, turn the game into a boring, derivative pile of ♥♥♥♥ and then release a bunch of garbage throw-away dlc for one of the worst features. that'll justify the price, right??"- todd "the rod" howardat least now any reasonable individual knows never to trust bethesda again.
♥♥♥♥ my previous review.this game is a monotonous pile of suger-coated dung.please do not fund le sneaky corporate lying.buy fallout 4 instead goy :^)
i'm quite annoyed that i keep getting this game re-gifted to me by my friends. first, it was dino: beatdown, which was totally ordinary and mod-like in presentation (and not a good one at that), second i was gifted dino: horde, and i wasn't even sure if it was a different game.  finally, i was gifted this version, and while better than the other two, i'd hardly call a new engine a few more features a new game. it feels like there is always a new attempt at getting this game finished, it gets some updates, and then promptly disappears under a new title.  would like to see some sort of "finality" (and i mean real finality, not just stop updating it or re-releasing it as something else).  the concept is great, but the delivery is constantly flawed, which is a real shame.
yes cause you can create your character and no because can't get over 1.5k which sucks
it doesnt work nothing that says steam when have to uplink it to rockastar social club
check out the cat.
the terrible mechanics combined with ubisofts server stability make for a very frustrating player experience, especially in the coop modes with freinds.i couldn't let the games' constant crashes to desktop, terrible ai and cheap shooting mechanics get the better of me, so i finished it out of spite.once the credits rolled, alt+f4 followed by a hasty deletion of local content could not quench my rage. i regret ever buying this game.
the houes blew up within 10 seconds of me opening this game....don't bue it unless you like being homeless
horrible
dev, if you are reading this; please, put more effort on this thing, i know you can do it!
♥♥♥♥ has never been worse on steam.
i did not tusk so i blew up my ♥♥♥♥ computer rip in pasta ded me.exe is not reponding.
stephen hawking runs better than this game
i would rather shoot myself in the foot and poke the hole with a red hot poker while searing my scrotum in a frypan than ever play this game again. i would reccomend drinking bleach before playing so it ends quickly.
seems like it could be fun, but its dead: 56 players online globally
 pros - art style is pretty cool.- sanctuary system allows you to create a base to suit your playstyle.- skill tree is straightforward and effective. cons - unlike dark souls, which is hard but fair, this game is pretty unfair in its difficulty.- skill tree provides no real sense of progression, as health increases with level.- stamina bar drains in like two swings.a lot of people compare this came to dark souls, and it's clear why. it's extremely obvious in it's inspirations. the game incorporates a lot of ideas from dark souls, but implements them very poorly. in dark souls, dying to a boss is mostly due to lack of skill. in salt and sanctuary, however, i found many of the mechanics, and the enemy and boss ai to be poorly programmed. rolling is unreliable, and blocking is clunky. there's very little indication of the stat requirements of the gear you'll find. many of the attempts to create difficulty has resulted in things such as enemies and bosses that don't let you get up after being knocked down. i really wanted to enjoy this game a lot, and honestly i do like it, but it could have been so much better.
with out a doubt that this is the worst game ive ever played sean murry is a liar.do not buy this game
i spend almost 100+ hours on this game there something i learn is this game take time and effort but finally maybe you only get some credit and not unlock a snigle thing and when you try to grind for a gunin a match i always get kill by 1 shot sniper or a full auto gun and you need to spend alot of gold to just a gun or a attachment finally there something to remind new player1. prepare to rage quit 2.you easily get rekt by p2w player3.gold will cost you much that you want to give up on it
sort of fun but gets boring after playing it for long. pretty mixed but i don't really recommend it.
♥♥♥♥ing aids
it was very lame controls were messed up and it is lame cause it very lame people agree its lame it is lame if u dont think it is lame
cant even go past the first cut scene. been about a month since its come out and no patch has been made. very dissapointed. going to see if i can get a refund.
i don't have the time to write a full review, but i just wanted to say that this game, by far, has the worst car driving system in any game i've played. i have played all 3 games now, i don't remember the previous ones being quite this ♥♥♥♥ing awful. they boast the game by showing all these cool mods and ♥♥♥♥ you can get for cars, but the cars feel like ♥♥♥♥ing shopping trolleys, you can put as many guns and speed boosts on a trolley as you want, but it's still a shopping trolley.i legimimately don't have any idea who at avalanche would've used the land vehicles in this game and thought 'this is worth selling to people.' i was so ♥♥♥♥ing hyped when i saw they revamped it in the gameplay trailer, but vehicles are more fragile and, like i said earlier, the worst handling pieces of ♥♥♥♥ i have ever used in any video game. nothing even comes close to being this unpolished and pathetic. hell, this wouldn't even be a problem if you didn't need to do the god awful side challenges involving them. the races aren't hard because of strict timing or tough obstacle courses, they are hard because you're driving a ♥♥♥♥ing ice cube.
un juego de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ es un dolor de cabeza hacer un server para jugar con tus amigos con o sin hamachi que bien que es gratis por que por mi no vale nada
horrible disgraceful crap
no
p2w, wtf, gtfo, cya
♥♥♥♥ game so boring my $15 back please, all it is if you can click spam the sword your good.
no matches, lovely...
it's straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, too many scrubs using the same ♥♥♥♥ing weapons.
won't run :(
crap, just... crap. good models though...
and this is why you don't work for people who don't understand the product they are selling.at least the models and soundtrack are good.
i uninstalled this peice of ♥♥♥♥ after 8 hours of playing, prefer other moba's, heroes of newerth may be even better also on top of that the community doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about what you enjoy about the game, they will crush your hopes and dreams.i hope this was helpful to anyone even thinking of installing this.
i got this during the summer sale but it dosent work for me. i bought it for nothing......... good thing grand theft auto iv is on xbox 360 ;d
wans't able to play it, paid 60$ bucks to see a screen with "delta 2000988" written on it. they should calll it delta 2000988 simulator because it's literally the only thing you can get from the game.
everything wrong with: brick force-you start  as a korean nazi (mp40, luger p08, and that german grenade thingy)+100 sins-renting weapons +1000 sins-ripoff premium currency+1000 sins-over 1,000,000 maps!!!!111.....thaaat... nobody plays+1000 sins-holding every gun with 1 hand +1000 sins-no reloading animation+1000 sins-non micheal bayish explosion animations should have been micheal bayish+1000 sins-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players+1000 sins-weapon star restrictions+100 sins+♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥+1,000,000 sinstotal sin count: 1,007,200sentence: toture by korean nazis
heroes and generals...how do i begin?  maybe with saying that the name has no relevance what -so-ever to the game. this game looks good (sort of), but don't be fooled please. please don't play it. i'll tell you why you shouldn't play it. it's for your own benefit. and don't watch the cinematic-♥♥♥ trailors because the game looked nothing like them.the combat in the game abosulely sucks. fights are won by the person who has: payed the most money, has the luckier hit hitection (the hit reg is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and who has the better ping. that's it.i love it how it says at the botton of the game's description "wars aren't won by tanks alone". *face palm* all i get killed by is ♥♥♥♥ing tanks! oh, and the guys who have paid for planes and 1 shot kill sniper rifles. you might say "well what about the panzerfaust moron". well the panzerfaust is just ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to use and the tank always sees me before i can get a shot.i recently purchased the m1903 which took ♥♥♥♥ing ages to get. but i can't even use it because i get killed every 5 seconds.the game is unrealistic beyond measure. people take way too many bullets. the m1903 that costs 92,000 of the currency, is still a 3 shot kill to the body, like the default! so what's the point? you can walk around as a russian with an anti-take rifle that weighs 17kg and fires .60 calibre rounds and shoot it while standing up. come the ♥♥♥♥ on. this game is not truly free. games rarely are. just get a paid game that's fun and avoid free games if you can. i was unsure how to write this.
basically can't play anymore because i am high leveled and i keep getting killed by people who have 'better' guns and armour that i can do nothing about. does this seriously mean i am expected to pay for gc, i mean seriously you get less ac the higher level you are.
everything wrong with: counter strike: global offensive-source engine+100 sins-toxic community (if you need an explanation, buy a $400 knife, and killyourself with it) +1000 sins-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer matchmaking: bs ranking system, and unforgivingly long bans, that can be given to you, for reasons out of your control, such as internet problems, and trolls walking into molotovs. +1000  sins-smurfs, hackers and de-rankers (if you need an explanation, buy a $2000 dragon lore, and shoot yourself with it)  +10000 sins-devs are ♥♥♥♥♥ and add updates that are 'experimental, unfinished and haven't been tested' (valvenese for buggy and glitchy and ♥♥♥♥) +500 sins-r8 revolver ex-machina+100 sinstotal sin count: 12,700sentence : another round of dust 2
pros:vibrant modding community (before a few days ago)cons:base game is terriblehave to pay for mods
with over a thousand hours, and most of the dlcs, i would have wholeheartedly recommended this game to anyone.however with the release of crimefest 2015, overkill now has broken all modding, and added paid weapon skins that improve your weapon's stats. i cannot in good conscience recommend such a game.hell, even the "overkill approved" hoxhud mod has been disabled.
horrible game, running is like walking, walking speed is even worse, combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, fov is zoomed in way to far and no way of changing it. walking dead? but they can walk at a jogging speed which is faster than your run! 2/10, game should be valued at about $1
oh god why does this exist.  can i remove this embarassment from my library.  absolute pile of ♥♥♥♥, free is too expensive for it
this will be the  number one game if it have more competitive things
this game is money laundering scheme it's so horrible.come on make all dlc free!
the community supporting this game has practically collapsed. although understandle, considering you have to pay money to access more 90% of the features in the game. since the populise of players are people who you'll never get to play with because, you have to be over lv. 11 to access those high tier matches. and you'll never level up because no one plays the lower tier matches anymore. just another  pay to win  game. in this case  pay to play  .
w,\\\\
great game if you want to make money when it was 14 cents. otherwise, the gameplay mechanics are too old/crap. i didn't like it anyway.there are better things to spend money on.
a kind of fun game, but eh. watch gameplay videos before buying it - i got this as part of a bundle code, so it was cheap for me. so i don't care too much about the money i spent.i have no idea what i am doing in the gameplay. your objective is to create a specific particle, while as a particle of yourself, so you use spacebar to push away particles attracted to you and try not to touch your opposites because you'll be annihilated in that case. i like the concept.unfortunately... i don't know wtf i'm doing, pressing shift to... degrade my particle? which can then be used to upgrade other particles... eh. what i remember from last year when i last played this was clicking on skip level because i wanted to find the story line and stopped caring about the gameplay. it's ok, but i did not find it satisfying.different people will like different games i suppose, this is not one i like and at 15 dollars... it's polished, it's got a good menu interface and looks well, no bugs or glitches that i've found...but it wasn't fun for me, and for the price it is in store i wouldn't get it. 
wp early access. wp
less is more?, not really(let me just say that civ 5 was my first civ, so i didn't have any previous civ titles to put it in context, but know when you compard be to 5 its like its dlc, but also taking things out)i feel like they changed the things that worked, and kept the things i couldn't care for. like the tech web, your pretty much forced to go by the inner ring first, then the second and so forth, it looked more impressive in civ 5 scrolling all the way to the end of the tech tree and seeing how much progress was to be made. the religions gone, which im alright with because it was kinda hard to control and influence anyway, but less is more?the units, while the idea of upgrading them along a specifc line is cool and kind of felt like x-com, the actually outcome of this is that they look slightley different each time and don't really do anything special, you can't have that civ 5 x2 attack, +1 range super units that took investment, and time, which you cared about when they died, because now the only individual upgrades are %10 attack. and also the units are all just re skins of the warrior etc, not thats its a bad thing, just don't get excited, why couldn't they do somehting like have mutliple worlds to travel to or go back to earth, which makes a whole new map.and wheres the submarines, the bombers, aa units, the paratroopers, also satellites could have been much more, i feel like they should have been super expensive, powerful and be moveable, and only visible to a few units which could take them out easy. and wheres the airport or teleporter, or something to move units quickly, satellite tele doesn't really count because its one way. and also the fact that units are so boringly upgraded means you don't get the cool feeling when a helecopter gunship is mowing down a knight.it suffers from the same problem civ 5 had in my opinion, which was that the happiness meant you had to wait till like turn 200 to actually start a war or anything because you had no happiness, and if you tried to found cities your happiness was gone. so this time around the happine.. i mean health is even more limited, no health from tile resources, so you rely on like the 3 almost identical buildings which give like 2 health each. also most buildings suck, like 100 buildings that give +3 science or energy (gold), but none that add multipliers, and the few wonders there are barely have anything good about them.another thing, i felt is that the affinities were really loosely tied to you, your not tied down, so you don't really feel that close to them, if you research all techs you pretty much have them all anyway, and the random events which asked things like if some building should be +science or energy made it seem like you have less control over your civilization.the start up options, this might have been the most disappointing thing, there isn't really anything special to the sponsors, they don't have personality like ghandi or ashurbanipal did (however you spell it). then after the sponsor all the other stuf is really on early game thing like starting with a worker, also quick thing, why can't i have a duel map with 24 players like i used to be able to do, that was so fun. and wheres the unique unitsthe look is also just werid, i know they were going for alien, but that doesn't mean every fricken thing on the map needs to be purple. and like on the tech tree, thers no colour to the pictures, just symbols, makes it look even more boring.(also cities are so weak, can be captured by 2 melee units)all that said i really only focused on what i didn't like, if you have never played civ before this will be a great game for you, but currently if your coming out of civ 5 theres not really enough change to justify the price and i will probably still invest 100s of hours because while they didn't improve the formula, like making decagonal tiles or anything, the formula was good enough. so i give this a recommended if looked at independantly of previous installments (just like i would for cod, spooky)420/68.99-ign (get it becaus.. ok ill just go kill myself)can i have some internet points now gaben?
i personally believe that a dogfighting sim (thats basiclly what this is) should be more challenging in the fact that it should teach players how to judge the distance infront of other planes you should shoot then in competetive modes have no aiming spot infront of the planes telling you where to shoot. this personally ruined the game for me but whatever... :p
personally, not really into mobas so for all who just want to know my personal opinion: no, i dont recommend it.for all those who bother to read as to why i dont good job to you! my personal taste in games i enjoy are some fps games, some tps and also city builders and rts games. so if you have the same game taste you may find this usefull. i personally believe that this game is boring and unsatisfying. one of my main reasons for unsatisfaction is that i was a wc3 player and so i more enjoy games with an isometric camera to be about building an army and/or base. i prefer commanding armies but less so commanding a singular hero. i personally believe that mobas should be more like smite with a third person perspective. this makes the game feel more fast paced (which mobas are usually). this is my personal opinion so if you feel otherwise then feel free to disregard this entire paragraph you read.i do want to mention i've only played 1 hour of this game but still i feel games should make you feel satisfied at least 5-10mins into them
absolutely pathetic attempt to milk me. seriously guys, this game was good. was. but now the stat skins and ♥♥♥♥ like, its ruined it. i was /okay/ with the dlc amount, but now its just pathetic. good game, bad path. rest in peace.
you can pay $200 for all the dlc, and still not have access to everything, or you can pay $15 a month for membership which gives you the dlc and everything the dlcs don't offer... hard choice?
if you go to support on the creative assembly website it has a picture of rome 2. dlcs and game are a complete rip off. pay $80 for half the game, then pay another $90 for the rest of it. best way to get this game is pay $30 on ozgameshop.
this is what happens when a company gets stuck in a mirror chamber reflecting all the fanboy comments back at them. they keep doing the same thing...campaign was short and meh... (pretty damn good for cod though)multiplayer is complete ♥♥♥♥.not worth paying $60 for a short meh campaign. don't buy.
this game isn't worth your play-time nor money, just get the soundtracks and ignore the game entirelythey are the only thing worth your money in this game.also it's a dlc-fest left and right, everything requires a stupid dlc, seriously, avoid this game.
n serve mais, comprei por 30 reais, teve promoções de 8 e agora 97 (???)
uma ♥♥♥♥♥! o jogo é mt simples, enjoativo, sem ação e ainda não tem ninguem jogando essa bosta! perda total de dinheiro!
nunca comprem essa ♥♥♥♥♥
esse jogo é considerado razoavel. o jogo não possui muita liberdade, é praticamente programado o que você fazer primeiro. acho que jogo não é uma grande coisa mas não tão ruim tirando a parte de liberdade
este jogo só me trouxe problema esta cheio de bugs
not sure if a recent patch has broken these trials but the challenges and achievements have become a ridiculous matter of luck instead of skill.i have spent hours restarting the bend time massacre with character's dying on opposite ends of the room, bullets hitting targets but do nothing and exposives go off when now wanted and do not when needed.kill cascade is bugged as prompt appears but clicking to drop assassinate does nothing.entire dlc is a mess and needs fixing.need to get off this game before the pure frustration leads me to smashing my pc.
this game is a great concept, but i personally think it needs a better introduction teaching newbies how to play, i have attempted so many times to make a workng city but it never works. i really want to like this game but because of the reason i just stated i cant. devs, please fix this.thanks
ignore the fact that i play this a lot. this game is ♥♥♥♥ and it's devs are some of the most unprofessional people i've ever seen in the gaming idustry. it has potential, but unless it ever meets that fully you will be better off just not playing this game.
♥♥♥♥♥iest horror game i ever played, didn't even take an hour to finish, horrible tension build-up and nothing scary about the game at allnever waste your money on this stupid game.
you won't even feel like a human being when playing this game for a prolonged amount of time.
i wanted to like it. i probably would, except:finding a match is terrible no server browser / matchmaking only no way to set a max ping or check ping before you join a lobby / matchoptimization is absolutely terrible
meh
don't buy or play unless you are really keen for the game, all your progress gets deleted on a weekly basis making it impossible to play through. i recommend to all not to buy or play until at least a year when it is fully released unless you enjoy being disapointed and upset at the constant loss of data and many bugs and game inbalances!
1. dont waste your money2. having failed step 1 ask valve for a refund3. having failed step 2 write an angery review4. having failed step 3 cry about how you wasted your money on this flop of a game while you profusely apologise to the thousands of good games you could have bought of the steam.
rockstar has provided us a sequel to a great game series, ultimately winning over many reviewers with its single-player story whilst having its multiplayer experience leaving an unsatisfying feeling due to its hyped bank heists which released about six months or more after the game had been released and the multiplayer servers and mechanics being downright broken.
i'll just point out the pros and cons...pros:amazing graphics.the most realistic hunting game ever.the huge map and the enviroments.and everything else that peps like.cons:you have to pay for everything!!! the guns, the stuff and the most frustrating thing ever, the f'ing licences!!!! you cant kill em, cant track em, and the game is a dck by saying you dont have a f'ing licence!!!why do you have to pay for all these stuff, this is a free game, it could be $20 dollars and include everything like primal!overall this game is just the most frustrating thing ever when you can only hunt deer and cant get any guns unless you paying the things that dont need to be there. if its free make everything free. if has content that you have to pay change the price tag on the game so the content does get included with that purchase.the most realistic game with the biggest let down 4/10
monopoly is far more entertaining than this game.the community is toxic and deranking is easier than get robbed on my country/state (a.k.a brazil)  by the governmentcompetitive magically gets pro players on sales (maybe it's a blessing? it's my guess)valve releases a new update: new glove textures! can't wait for stat trak™ arrow on the knee.if your real name isn't vladimir or dmitri, you don't drink vodka and you aren't russian, you're probably getting kicked from 95% of the competitive matchesthis game is like meth, you're getting addicted to it and you'll think it isn't bad at allif you want to have fun, don't waste these 14 bucks on this game, buy terraria
i've started playing tf2 some years agothe game was pretty fun some years ago, it didn't had these casual/matchmaking a.k.a competitive, only that quickplay button that will be pretty missedit got replaced by the casual button, that leads you to a 10-30 minute queue to ''enjoy'' a ♥♥♥♥ing 20 minute match that has:hackersleaverspeople who can't read chat or play like a teamand why the ♥♥♥♥ a casual gamemode has ranks?the skins are a minor thing but still, why valve, why adding skins to a game that already has 2 websites dedicated to skins?you can still enjoy your skins but only on servers that have sv_pure 0, meaning that you will only see your great weapon skin or your swimsuit femme pyro skin on the servers running cp_orange 24/7the game is still fun but, you can't play the normal gamemode anymore, it still has plenty of modded servers to try out
essa overkill faz de tudo pra ♥♥♥♥♥ mais esse jogo,do que adianta deixar o jogo free se metade dele é de dlc? e o crimefest não justifica a quantidade gigante de dlc,quem é o idiota que gasta 100 pila em dlc? agora essa ♥♥♥♥♥ adiciona microtransação? isso é um ♥♥♥♥ de um roubo,realmente.não comprem esse jogo.
não comprem esse jogo. vou dizer motivos.1-a jogabilidade é a mesma do antecessor,com apenas algumas poucas mudanças,como a falta de portas e o uso da lanterna.2-o jogo não te dá medo,ele sabe é te estressar muito bem (noite 6 intensifies.)3-o fato de ter que checar a câmera daquela marionete,fez o jogo pior ainda,não sei se o jogo é feito pra ser de terror ou hardcore.4-o jogo é enjoativo desde a 2 noite,se você jogou o primeiro jogo.5-ele foi lançado cedo demais,a fandom bosta do jogo foi pra cima do criador (vulgo scott cawthon) e ficou pressionando ele a lançar o jogo cedo demais.6-um jogo com jogabilidade repetitiva criou uma fandom. fantastic.minha nota: 5/10o ponto forte do jogo é a própria história.
teleport feature is ok but we must be able to rotate on the spot - as implemented in altspace vr. this feature is a must.
this game should be free
so many people think this game is good but when u think of it its really bad its for for 30 mins thats about it. the game is a big let down
i have a decent rig, the original crysis has a reputation for being a system breaker with its optimization issues, but ♥♥♥♥ i can run that 60+fps all day maxed, this wont even run smoothly for 5 seconds, massive teture loading errors, if i stand in one spot for 10-20 seconds the textures will eventually load, i mean ♥♥♥♥ this is low, it hardly looks like something that would take a lot of grunt to run but somehow theyv managed to make a game that decimates crysis in the system hog department, that in itself is an acheivment i suppose
utter crap. good concept, badly carried out. 60% of the game didn't even work. i want my money back. no, seriously, i couldn't build units, helicopters, or anything other than structures. game constantly glitched out and turned the map black,  and so many other things i can't even begin to type out. i want my money back, like i stated before.
i do not recommend this game whatsoever! i paid 6+ dollars for it and it was not worth it , because, nowhere in the label or description does it say it  does not run on windows 8. i will be requesting steam for my money back, and if they will not return my money, i will be heading to the devolopers to complain to them. i'm sure it's good on windows 7, but those on windows 8, stay away!
needlessly complicated. dfficult to understand, and hard to learn. if you are extremly good at difficult games like this, then sure, get it. but, othewise, i do not recomend it.
before you even think about spending any money, check the update history. or check the forums on the website. the game is no longer in development and you are just throwing your money away. this was a fun game, though was / is flooded with microtransactions (that aren't so micro). so play until you hit level 5 (or whatever level cap they introduced to bleed the last drops of money before the game was discarded by ubi) and then uninstall. if you really want to throw money away, go feed it to some ducks or something.
so bad
no oceanic servers or anythinggg 10/10in all seriousness, this is minecraft with guns, pretty much. just install flans mod for minecraft. it's alot better than this.
fuak
terrible frames even though my specs are well above the minimum. not even worth it at the moment.
uma ♥♥♥♥♥ eu jogando sozinho num mapa coop ainda da leg
excellent, polished gameplay that is easily the best in the series. doesn't suffer from being an open world experience, but probably doesn't benefit greatly from it either. boss battles are virtually non existent, which is a real let down as these have always been a significant part of the experience.the visuals are great, however as a pc port it has poor-ish performance with amd grapphics cards and dual gpu support isn't anywhere to be found, so ultra hd resolutions or even ultrawide resolutions simply won't be possible. nvidia gameworks needs to stop being a thing.the story however is awful, chapter 1 is strong however chapter 2 is padded out with mission replays, very few story missions and the final game mission was cut. finishing the game feels very unusual, you will notice the lack of content without a doubt. howeber even in general terms the story lacks the characters and development seen in previous games, so even when it's working, the story isn't really up to the franchise standards.i would recommend this game sure enough, but mgs fans will be sorely disapointed and people unfamiliar with mgs are probably set to have the most rewarding experience. kojima was always touting "for the fans" however this final installment is a real gut shot for anyone that has been along for the ride.
this was generally considered one of the poorer releases of counter strike and i tend to agree. very much unlike 1.6 much to many people's displeasure and currently significantly inferior to cs go. very casual atmostphere, lots of cheaters, horrid community and currently poor server population. when it was released, no one seriously played this game in competition and almost ended counter strike as a competative game. it was reasonable for a quick pub server jam session with freinds, but that was about it. i can think of no reason to continue to play this as even the most determined source players have since moved onto cs go. at this point, this game should probably just be free as i can't imagine any reason someone would purchase it.
almost impossible to play solo, and even with friends you still have to grind for 30 or 40 hours to get the levels you need to build the items so you dont get insta-killed by the clans of 10+ people....
bad
i like the game but i cant open it anymore since i update my driver,it says your ideo card does not support alpha blending floating point render target. can u fix this(it was fine before i update my driver).if u fix this i might give it another try
if you're buying this to play online, don't no1 plays even when its on sale for 66% off theirs rarely more than 1-2 people looking to join, really needs a server list instead of just having a quick join and create option
trash.
positivefreddycan make fun of someone if they get scared by thischaractersnegativesgraphicsstorylineits a jumpscareboringgameplayslowthis game is crap, its a game which is used for famous youtubers like pewdiepie to get more 12 year olds to watch his videos. it might be fun or spooky if your like 11 or 12 but i seriously doubt it!waste of money would rather buy a key!2/10
it's like gang beasts but not fun
wanna hear a joke, titan....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\...
dunno why people say its so good.
the single player was disapointing. it felt dull and boring compared to other call of dutys and the ending dident make you fell like you acomplished anything but in call of duty world at war, the ending was amazing and made you feel great!the multiplayer wasent great and it wasent bad, i enjoyed some of it.dont get this, other cods like world at war are much better.
just no.
i have tried this game during free weekends and finally decided to buy it in the hope that they had fixed the terrible game play. unfortunately they have not. the core of the gameplay, attacking and blocking the opposition is still broken to the point that the game is not fun, but provides a frustrating experience.it creates anger every time you play it becuase the game field is not fair. everything feels slow and clunky becuase all the servers lag so badly. some are better than others, but in the end, those with the best pings will dominate. it is not uncommon to die 10 times and only get 1 kill becuase the lag is so bad. your actions on screen are not registered and all you end up doing is getting killed unfairly as hits go through your block. this repeats every match, every game.if torn banner actually cared about the game, they would have attempted to fix it after all these years instead of making a dlc for it. i cannot recommed this game to anyone, not even when it is on sale as i feel like i should be entitled to a refund. it is not fun nor challenging. it just provides hours of frustration while taking your money and wasting your time.
eles nos atacam com dlcs.se eu pudesse eu reembolsava ctz
five minutes was more than enough.
it's not ok...
dont buy this piece of crap
idk why i bought this game...
its hard
jogo desde a versao 1.23(janeiro de 2013) jogo era exelente mais conforme foram atualizando o jogo foi piorando  cada dia mais bugs mais problemas de balanceamento os tanks tambem extremamente bugados sem concordançia historica nenhuma so recomendo este jogo para quem tem paciençia extrema ou espere eles arrumarem o jogo (que vai ser nunca).
lied to
for context, i have windows 8 pro 64-bit.the problem is that this game is heavily dependent on gfwl which is riddled with compatibility issues. i have tried all practical - and some unorthodox - methods of trying to get to the game to work but to no avail. for $14.99, not really worth the gamble. maybe for $4.99, but probably not at full price. if you do venture into this most unpredictable realm you should expect serious issues from the get-go. i am not saying that it definitely will not run on your windows 8 computer but be prepared for stress. there is a decent chance the game will not run at all.
bane is way too op
this game was fun at first in it's early access stage with developments and new characters back in 2013. but long time ago the developers completely abandoned this game since it wasn't getting very popular. all that's left now is some mulitplayer servers of the same game since it's abandonment. in addition the community isn't exactly a nice bunch either.i would not suggest getting this game at all at this point since no this game will have no more additions. once you basically "master" the game there is nothing to work towards to or look forward to.
come on imaek,now you're just being silly.
doesn't work on amd cards, 20-30fps no matter what my settings are. waste of money i hope they release a patch for it soon
oh dear oh dear oh dear, i'm so glad this game was only 40c when i bought it because it is definitley a stinking pile of dog doo doo. the controls are easy enough to get the hang of, but the story is like something from a kevin kostner movie, oh wait, it is. it's the ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of water world. the voice acting is so damn atrocious it's actually funny. the characters are cliche and the cutscenes have objects randomly floating arond your character as if they're possessed. don't buy this game, unless you're bored and want to have a good laugh, in that case, go right ahead and buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t space waster. game: 1/10, comedic value 10/10. (if you're gonna have a british voice actor for the main character, don't make her sound like she's hopped up on drugs and alcohol)
rofl this game is fyucking awful do not play dean ur a ♥♥♥♥ing fraud go back to where you came from you hobbit ♥♥♥♥
this game is actually ♥♥♥♥ing cancer this game ruined my ♥♥♥♥ing life i hate you dota 2 devs
keeps crashing
game crashes constantly please fix
it feels like a really ♥♥♥♥♥ty cash-in, but at least all of high moons good gamplay is there..... except for amazingly overpowered enemies. the story is pathetic. cutscenes are lower quality and have a lower volume than the actuall game. the multi-player tag is missleading. the only multiplayer is escalation. if you have played the other transformers games, you would know that escalation and multiplayer were 2 diffrent things. in this game its the same, which is to say, co op wave survival. character creation is gone for online, instead replaced with mystery boxes that will either unlock weapons for bothe multi/ and single player, or just a character for multi. its a really bad game, and id only reccomend it for people who want a difficult game, coz thats all it does
rather dissapointing, as i thought this was suppost to be an improvment of the original. yes the stroy and art has been updated, but in game still looks the same as ever, upgrading has been reduced to a single type of scrap, to the 3 types from the original. the platforming was overly annoying, in comparrison to the original. various " improvements" felt like downgrades. bombs have become quick refulled items, instead of a tool that must be crafted using scrap you have found, as with repair kits.  the art ingame and in cutscene are clearly 2 diffrent things. considering how long ago the original came out, i really thought the game would look great by now, however it retains the original look even tho in cutscenes ares has an updated look. valkyl,(your support ) was in the last game, and in this one. in the first she looked like a cg anime character, she behaved and talked like a machine, in this however, she has become a saturday morning cartoon, with a lot more humanity, to say this is a complaint is a slight understatement. i do like the new valkyl and the old; but the old is my fav. she was cool no matter what happened, and she fired orbital death beams for u!. to say this game is the " ex" is a bit of misscommunication. its more of a redux than anything, and its sad to say it hasnt been for the better. what has been done has taken what i did like from the game and made it a lot harder to continue to like it. also i think the original has been taken off steam, if so then you have missed out on the best version of this game ( ps i like this valkyl too, just the old one more.)
lol how did this get overwhelmingly positive? sound glitches, pausing mid game for loading. and thats just running the game. the art is pretty good, however some characters and stages have hardly any detail; looking like something coming from ms paint. gameplay its a sonic game, however the game doesnt copy the controls, it tries to replicate it, and it does so poorly, as the bearly work or function they way you would expect. story wise, sure story is there; but i you wont care about it, coz its so.....booooooooring, and uninclusive. you feel as tho the story is happening without you.  all this game did was remind me that there is better indy games and that sonic games are still the best at what it does. now all i want to do is play sonic, so that i can play a good sonic game! oh lord i almost forgot about this; the controlls arnt as pinpoint as you would like, and that does come into play at some bossfights. enemy placement was not planned out imo, and all the sprites of the playable characters looked like modified sonic ones. noticable especialy during one of the dash attack animations. honestly have people who reviewed the game actually played it? one of the reasons i got it was from the reviews, and hey look how that turned out
(sighs) ok this not going to be the best review i have done so far but here goes nothing.infestion or warz is a mmo zombie survival game that takes place in a few places and countrys around the world. when you first start a game you choose your character. you only start of with a ex-milltary soldire and a hunter. 2 classes! when you start. the game looks pathetic and it runs really bad only if you have a really bad pc). combat is sluggish when attacking zombies.their is a leveling up system thats ok but not the best compare to gtav or battlefeild's leveling up system. loot is so easy to find which is ok. i wished the develpers(sorry if i spelled that incorect) made more maps and upgraded the graphics a little more. i think infestaion is a ripoff of dayzmy final score 2/10
this game is amazing, brings forth the nostalgia feeling from oldschool jrpgs from nintendo, but on that note...for the almost $10 usd this game falls short, its leaves it to be continues at the end...*spoilers* i know, but it needs to be told it doesn't finish and requires a continuation....really =\ wtf! :(for that amount of money, should get the entire game =.=
i wouldnt reccomend this game until they make it playable, for me at least it has crashed my computer 4 times and reset my progress till the last time i had saved which ofc is an annoyance but still wasnt that big of a deal to me. then after like 6 hours waiting for patches with none so far i start the game back up again and i was on a new world with a different character. but anyways this game when it wasnt crashing and restting my character was a very fun game and ill be back as soon as the game is playable which i hope isnt to far away
good game, but not one i'd personally recommend.still, it's worth the 24cents i spent on it
was really looking for a more calm exploration base game as opposed to the timed races and panic enduncing races this game consists of. if only there was a free roam mode...
top reasons to like: a new story and is somewhat fun. this game feels really likeable and re uses the models from halo wars. the enemies know how to play as far as ais go.  also most (will  clarify in cons) feel fair and fun to use. if your up for a challenge, replayability is good too.cons: it doesnt have the features of the xbox one version (add them now developers and not as dlc). i really would like to do the co op with friends. you can also "buy" into the campaign with premium weapons that are insanely overpowered. a 400 shot auto rocket launcher..... really ._. .
if anyone thinks i am writing this because i hate rwby, just to clarfy i love rwby [rip pyrrha :'c ]will keep this spoiler free by putting [redacted] at points to censor the spoilersnow what i find good first:+ beautiful environments, feels like i am in the world of remnant+ characters look good, as do the enemies+ fluid combat system but... [will put in negatives]now... those were the only good things, bad things now- every character play nearly the same except weiss which she can be upgraded to range spam- there is no immersion in the characters as their semblances dont exist here [eg yangs rage, blakes decoys that take the hit for her etc]- enemies are repetitive as well and once you learn their patterns its easy to get around their guard [if i could learn in my playtime, something went wrong]. even the [redacted] is stupid as you can pratically stand still most of the fight and wait fo [redacted] then attack the weak point.- short and easy campaign. the defense missions are a joke as you can just let the ones attacking the centre to attack it and it wont matter at all- all the projectile shots do the same damage [i would expect rubies 50 cal to do more than blakes 9 mm]- boils down to the same comboes on most enemies [eg. yang, ruby and blake use light, light, heavy to take out the lightest enemies in one combo]bugs t_t # playing singleplayer will cause you to lose the levelling progress on your character# counters and finishers wont register properly sometimes leaving you vulnerableoverall: this game was not what i was wanting in a rwby game. if they release a huge patch i will check it out and rewrite this review. at this point on a scale of 1-10: 4/10, not worth it
the xbox version is a ton better than thisfor one it tends  to close off on me.. and even when it did load it didnt register acheivements. i would definintely reccomend the xbox version over this because its ten times easier to use voice chat too. it also sucks in a sense of bad facebook and twitter opens
a mediocre game at best. brainbread 2 is a hl mod where you gun down zeds and bandits in objective mode, arena mode or story mode. easily earn xp by damaging zeds,winning rounds or completing objectives,so as to unlock skills which improve your ability to send the undead back to their graves. however, it suffers from severe issues.-subpar graphics and physics allow this game to run on potatoes,so a pro for some. -horrible sound design. guns sound and act like peashooters, gibbing sounds like someone tore a piece of paper, and considering shooting zeds and bandits make up nearly all the game, these 2 flaws are amplified.-subpar melee weapons: theres no satisfication to gain from what feels like whacking a stick into a zombie. blood spurts and the sound of tearing paper are not terribly exciting, also, considering how easily you get damaged swinging a melee at zeds or bandits, at the very least, give melee a one hit kill, especially for the bigger weapons like the fireaxe.-the maps are always too dark. it's not frightening, it's not horror, its just frustrating,  the environment is too dark to make out whether your shooting at a player or a zombie. the flashlight is utter ♥♥♥♥ by the way.-hit detection works when enemies are frontally charging you [cannon fodder tip no.21], but when they turn, walk sideways towards another player, a huge amount of accuracy is lost, even if your literally sticking an assualt rifle into their sides.-great progression system, xp can be easily earned by dealing damage and doing objectives, but it is not so quickly earned you can unlock everything in a few days. it feels nice to slowly upgrade your character into an almighty zed slaying god. however, my willingness to grind xp is hampered by how unsatisfying killing zeds and bandits are.-horrific pvp. skills are at least taken away, so you aint overpowered. deathmatch involves running around maps not designed for pvp, picking up powerups, running at high speeds and gunning down/meleeing enemies. however, apart from your starting pistol, you need to search the map for a weapon, while anyone with an assualt rifle or shotgun will mow you down. more open maps with all the murky darkness removed must be implemented for dm for its fast, weapon searching player gibbing gameplay to work.elimination is also lacking. the moment a human gets to an area with limited entrances and ammo [easily found], they pretty much win the game. one kill is counted as one point, so zombie kills are easily racked up. zombies however, have an easy start, killing humans who dont camp quickly.
u suk cibele
wargame- 1980's graphics and struggling ai escalation
this game has quite a bit of prommise but atm there is very little.the weapons work but have no ammo or the need to reload.the graphics are also pretty good when set to prefect quality but then again i can notice very little differnce between the three settings.
this game has been abandedned no new features have been relised for months now
dayz standalone is more of a hardcore game than a dayz mod to an average gamer. this can be fun or could be boring for you depending on your play style. my preference is against this game
perhaps it could be improved by adding a fast forward button so you don't have to see the horrible cube spawn animation all the time and see if you actually did the puzzle correctly. probably half the time you spend playing this game is watching the cubes do their thing than actually solving puzzles. 1/3. for those people curious on how i have 0/0 hrs is cuz i returned it
yeah, not really.
fell through floor. bad game.
abondonware - do not buy
game get boring realy fast their is not alot of replay ability in this game and their is no australian servers. the game is free and can keep you entitained for about 30-60mins or so
i like the game but its still a little buggy like you can get stuck in objects and cant move and when some one can shot half a clip at you and on your screen its like they shot one bullet then you watch the replay and its commpletely diffrent. when you shot some one with just about a full clip and you die to them and you watch the replay and you dednt even shot. but when the game works its quite fun to play. thats why i cant recommened the current version of the game.
i used to recommend this game, then they released safes and purchasing keys to open those safes, as if we hadnt spent enough money on the 25+ dlcs (especially if you payed thier full price when they were released) now we are expected to pay for skins lol going to go ahead and stop playing or if i do, ill play with mods. games fun went from about an 8 to a 3 real fast with that update gg overkill gunna play a game without desperate attempts at money grabbing
more issues then any game on the internet with just as many hackers and modders and a support service that tells you to ask steam, steam then tells you to ask rockstar and you end up with no support. social club is aids for games either doesnt sign in successfully or logs out shortly after trying to launch the game. most frustrating game 2015 expect 40mins just to start playing, if your lucky enough to successfully connect
even with the best computer in the world, it'll still go at 20fps!they haven't released an update for a very long time and still haven't fixed any of the glitches but they promise us something for dota 2 so i guess that's good enough (it's an abandoned project and they expect it to be fine)! they made it way more complicated than it has too be, you can't use cs:source textures unless you go into the files of the programme and to spawn something simple, it takes ten minutes! 10/10, would waste hours again!
good game but crap gameplay, enemy can spawn camping using unlimited gas bomb kills everyone instantly after they spawn. my first match was terrible, the system match all newbies in 1 team vs all high score players...so imba!
it's nice but...those machineguns...crazy op than snipers, less recoil, more ammo, easy headshots from far away than sniperthey just rush and shoot everywhere we all die ggui menu is ugly, very confusing
paid mods are terrible. i waited five years to buy skyrim once it dipped to a price i could afford so i could explore the wonderful world of modding and now it costs money. absolutely disgraceful.
i notice you can scroll up, left and right...... but not down? , especially since majority of the time your base is at the bottom of the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i thought there was the basic knowledge of creating base building strategic game?
i have put a fair chunk of my time from release over the years. i have purchased almost all dlc, so i have spent over $100 on the game. in all my time gaming i have never seen a community so willing to support a developer. however, adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t p2w microtransactions, after the developer said they would not, after i have spent more than double a triple a title, was the final straw for me. gg pay2day, it was nice knowing you...
cooperative play was removed.cooperative play was the best part of re5/re6.would not recommend.
goodness - take me bak 15 years and this would ahave been a resonable game - gameplay, interface, and speed of game is poor all things considered.
not my thing
intensly boring would not reccomend to anyone ever.
its very sad to see how the developers treated this game. you actually have to pay to click on an animal.i saw there where packs you could buy, and i thought that it wasnt that bad. they unlock all the areas and licenses for about the same price you would pay to buy this game if it wasnt ftp but... they aren't packs... they are memberships...
just play arma mods. dayz is dead.
just ♥♥♥♥ing don't, turn away from this page now and save your money.
it was fun until they decided to triple dip, where if you want the full experience you need to pay over 80 extra dollars for dlc and your end game content is tf2 csgo style crate gambling for random skins that give stat boosts :)
this game used to be soo good but once it got bought out they turned this majestic game the had so much potential in to a peace of trash
absolute trash, no effort put in at all to bring this to pc, filled with constant mobile gaming annoyances, no controller support. wouldn't recommend at 90% off, let alone the 75% off i paid. refund requested.
this game had plenty of potential when i bought it in early acess over a year ago. the company is known for creating very substandard games. the monstrosoty starforge was a very big cash grab for their audience. never the less we gave them a chance. after a year of development the game is still extremley similiar with barely anything added. the game is ruined by bugs and hackers and the developers don't listen to the community. i will never purchase anyother codehatch game again. i've put many hours into this game and i can't believe i've wasted so much time on such tripe. if you want to waste time in anger then go ahead and play it.
it was all lies
thjis gaem gave me cancer                                  ~10/10 ign
this game is worse than my chance of getting a girlfriend.
all of the content in the game was in the trailer.
this game is lagy wasted my money
this game is too overated!do not get this game because it is really crap in all ways!omg!
-final reviewhektor is a very disappointing experience for the usd$14.99 that it currently charges. it has a nonsensical story that is neither as sophisticated as it thinks it is, nor as interesting as it tries to be.  its music and art assets are frequently recycled throughout the entire game. it currently has barely 2 hours of game content, which is encased in a platform that seeks to draw out the experience over 3-4 hours through the use of confusing level design.then there's the glitches, like being unable to interact with in-game items that are necessary for you to proceed further, causing you to have to reload your game. the worst part, and perhaps the most insulting thing about hektor, is that it isn't scary at all. outlast was scary, alien isolation was a stressful and harrowing experience. hektor? hektor is a complete disgrace to the horror genre of games. watch any of the lets-plays that are currently on youtube. not a single one of them is enthralling, immersive, or in the least bit frightening. many claim that the game's atmosphere is intensely creepy, and that they would prefer a game like hektor to one filled with jump scares. sure, jump scares alone do not make a horror game. neither do games that are all about the long drawn out creepy atmospheres that eventually amount to nothing. you can only play so much of hektor before you feel cheated and violated, like the boy who is strung along by a candy man with all the promises of a sweet future, only to end up in the back of a windowless van. no, there is nothing causing that sound that appears to be made by the wheels of hospital beds rolling across the corridor. its just one of the many sound assets that the game randomly plays every now and then to build up 'atmosphere'. in fact, i haven't seen a single hospital bed move in this game. how about those creaks and groans and that squeaky violin sound you hear as the background music reaches its crescendo? yup, just more of the same. sounds with no force of a credible threat behind them. and do you know why there is no hiding in this game? because there is no need to - the game is a bloody walking simulator. the only threats in hektor reside in the creatures that you will encounter in this game, and what a disappointment they are.the developers advertise this game as having a horrific monster that tirelessly pursues you. yes there is only one monster in the game capable of killing you. but the only times you experience being chased by this presence is halfway through the game when you first come across it, and towards the end when the game artificially ramps up its difficulty level by putting the creature in your path. beyond those two occasions, you almost never encounter the creature, much less get 'pursued' by it. additionally, it is difficult to be afraid of a monster that has pathing issues. there was one occasion when the monster ran continuously into a box that was in front of me as it tried to get at me. besides this monster, the game scatters, with no logical rhyme or reason, half naked deathly pale people around the map. these death-camp prisoner of war lookalikes cannot hurt you physically, but are capable of reducing your character's sanity level if you are near them when they scream. the first time you encounter one of these people is a decently shocking experience, but towards the later part of the game, their presence is at best an irritating encounter as the game uses the same audio asset for their screams, and at worst you might end up laughing in their face, especially when you see their ridiculous transition from person into a reddish spectre. who are these people-like things? what is that monster that chases you? what is the hektor program? who are you? why are you at the facility? how did you come to develop your psychosis? why do you guzzle antipsychotic medications like m&ms? you'd probably have a better chance of getting that information from god than this game. in fact, hektor hardly explains anything properly. the game conveys its tale singularly through badly written journal or diary entries that are randomly distributed throughout the entire level in a humdrum and erratic manner.  walk into the intelligence room for the first time, pick up a journal entry. walk into the intelligence room again at a later time, great there are 2 more journal entries to pick up. what the ♥♥♥♥ is this? shouldn't the intelligence room be empty now given that i have just explored it earlier? the entire attempt feels so lazy, so half-hearted. it destroys any remaining immersion that one might have in the game up to this point. the main story is simplistic. it is also full of boring cliches. how many times can we pretend to be interested in the stories told by the people who eventually develop the 'crazies', or some aggravated form of 'stockholm' syndrome? leave that for the bad movies, it is their rightful domain. you are supposed to be making a horror game that scares us, unnerves us, that makes the hairs on our skin stand as we uncover the story bit by bit. and this is the best you can come up with? $14.99 is too much money to spend on this utter filth and garbage. $14.99 is too much money to spend to be insulted by the developers, who think they can masquerade this bad cashgrab as a 'psychological horror game'. the only thing that is horrifying about this game is our ridiculously low expectations when it comes to paying for and hyping garbage like this on steam. if you enjoyed 'daylight', which is another horror game with procedurally generated levels, you might enjoy hektor. they are both equally bad. another option is to skip both games, and simply watch a let's play from one of the better youtubers out there. it will require a considerable amount of good acting skills on the part of the youtuber to beat some life into this dead dog's body.otherwise, faster faster... avoid hektor. you have been warned.
started out strong: funny protagonist, the awesome recoiless submachine gun, big chunky enemies for you to pump your lead into, and last but not least, wang cookies.and then midway through the game, you will find that the game's initial charms start to wear off. the game never deviates from its initial path: the same 'wang' jokes are told time and again, the new jokes err more on the side of cringe-worthy instead of funny. the cool weapons become underpowered as the game starts to pile more and more fatties at you at any single point in time. the level design is dreadfully uninspired and boring. you run from point to point triggering the game's setpieces in order to spawn the various over-used enemies which the game throws at you in every chapter. in between the points, you will almost never find any enemies lurking or patrolling. the katana is the game's saving point, severing limbs and decapitating heads never gets old. however, the hit boxes for the larger sized enemies are a little wonky, so you might find yourself supposedly slashing at the back of the bugger, only to be disappointed that none of the hits registered. final rating: 4/10
i enjoyed f3 and fnv but this is just terrible.1) f4 ditched *having an rpg system* and replaced it with stock linear-perk action game. alpha protocol has deeper systems than this, honestly. i might as well be playing cod: wasteland with a quest system.2) the world design is just lazy. you know how in f3 and fnv there were neat little things hiding behind every nook and cranny? every inch of the map told a fun story, and each little shack and camp had an "implicit tale" that was told by the world design. some were silly, some were funny, some were sad, some where disturbing. skeletons in bathtubs with a shotgun positioned on their head and blood splatter on the wall, and if you dig around you can find a little note. but not so with f4! it's just generic terrain as far as the eye can see with the occassional loot pickup. go back to f3 and you see bottlecaps positioned on tables as if someone lived there. in f4 it's all about streamlining the loot drops (bottle cap stash? c'mon). who made the decision that the performance/visual gain from reducing the number of interactable world objects was the right trade? in an open world rpg? next-gen graphics is not why people play rpgs! as i said, we're dealling with cod:wasteland here.3) yeah i get it you designed the ui for console. guess what. i play on a pc and i miss the previous dialog system. and i know this sounds nit-picky, but how much of the budget went into vo? i don't care about vo... in fact i find it incredibly distracting because i like to give my character the voice in my head, not the voice of the actor you hired. <engage fat comic book guy> earth to bethesda, you are not making a movie.4)the great thing about the dialog systems from f1,f2,f3,fnv was that you could see what your character was going to say before you said it. you were rewarded for paying attention to the npc's mood, and the subtle cues from his/her text. this me ripoff is simply not suited for a fallout game since the point of playing a character in a story-rich rpg is having control over what he says!i'm the sort of player that has like 100s of hours into pretty much every open world rpg i touch, and that includes multiple bethesda titles (f3,skyrim,oblivion,etc). this is game is not going to be one of them. i will be requesting a refund.edit:i want to clarify what i meant by "lazy world building."in both fnv and f3, even in the new player areas, it felt like i couldn't go behind a hill without "finding a location" that had basically a mini-vignette. and it's not just about skeletons in death poses, it's the feeling that somebody used to occupy this space, and it's really just a lot of little touches and attention to detail. in f3 and nv the world was just filled with random little details (if you pay attention) and plus maps were huge. you could tell a well-staffed experienced team spent a lot of time world building. it's like for every shack and gas station they asked "who lived here? what was he doing?"this is what it means for *me* to be immersed in an rpg -- the suspension of disbelef that the world exists with or without me, and i'm just passing through.i found f4 totally lacked this. and yeah, it's a feeling thing... but so is "fun" and everything else important to game aesthetics. i want feel like a location is a legitmate place in the game world that i "happen" to run across, rather than solely existing to supply me with loot for the next scripted battle. i felt f4 was mostly the latter.maybe other players don't care about these sorts of little touches, but for me when i play an rpg it really matters to my immersion in the world. otherwise i just see right through to the treadmill skinner box and i might as well be playing an fps/shooter.which brings me back to my main contention is that f4 isn't an rpg game. f3 is, nv is, but f4 isn't. if bethesda wanted to make an fps fine, but that is not how the game was advertised and honestly it's a huge waste of the fallout license which is primarily an rpg franchize. in a larger sense this is a very disturbing trend i see in the industry... a large company buys a beloved rpg franchize, and makes a shooter out of it and burns the core franchize fans because cashgrab. then buy a new franchize, rinse/repeat. it's parasitic behavior.
i love rpgs. i love permadeath as a mechanic. but permadeath should be an outcome of bad choices, because i got into a combat over my head or picked a wrong dialogue path. not because a failed a 33% flat roll that popped up for no particular reason (from the player's standpoint). it's assinine to invest hours into a game, to accumulate wealth and resources and improve your combat skill... only to have a window pop up saying "roll or die" and you fail the roll and die.
another overhyped rip-off from a aaa company that uses the tech and ip from a decent reboot of a beloved franchise to make a lazy, uninspired and clearly untested $80 cash grab sequel. and all the media minions are so quick to proclaim this garbage goty because that's how the biz works.anyone giving this game a good review is suffering from the reality distortion field of cognitive bias and wishful thinking. i get it, you paid $80 and anticipated xcom 2 for months. you so deeply want this to be a good game. it's not. it's trash. clearly none of the developers actually tried to play it.i am done buying aaa games. any remaining faith in the game industry is lost. i hope the industry burns to the ground and something worth my time and money grows out of the ashes.
the problem with this game is that it relies too heavily on the rng, and especially with the permadeath/stress mechanics you get in these wacky positive feedback loops where every character feels like skipping their turn because reasons and the whole party wipes through no fault of the player.if you are going to make a game like this, there needs to be certainty that the player is punished for his/her mistakes alone, and not random chance. also, the balance is godawful.i really wanted to like this game, and certainly the core is there. the art style is pretty rad, music is nice. but it simply doesn't play well at this moment.on edit: after playing a bit longer, i wish i could change to double downvote. characters refusing heals from party members, damaging themselves because they are too "stressed"... ugh
i was hoping for a fallout2. what we got was... something that tried to be fallout2 and fell way, way, way short. part of it is the skill system, part of it is loot distribution, part of it is the linear nature of the story, and map design is also pretty bad. the game can be super easy/trivial on the parts i want to be challenging, and needlessly frustrating on the parts that should be simple. there are no "multiple ways to solve a problem" there is one way, except they don't always tell you what that "right way" is. the game is a decent time-waster. it's not terrible, i certainly put more time into than other games. but i'm not going to remember it in 5 years.  but this really was billed as a 2nd coming of f01/f02 and it's not. it was a let-down, given the promises.
i'm a huge king's bounty fan. i haven't gotten too far in on dark side, but so far this feels pretty weak in terms of level design and pacing. for example, the catacombs had their walls just lined with eggs, and thats a lot of clicking to collect them. there are treasures with 15k gold in the first few minutes (just unguarded and hidden away in a random corner) which is ridiculous. there were areas i could get to, but i clearly wasn't supposed to be there (because there were no enemies, all the doors were locked)... and then i had to go back and talk to a person and suddenly the area could be used.in other king's bounties, the loot and itemization was really well distributed through the map. this isn't the case here.king's bounty never had the greatest writing, but a couple of places it was really phoned in. just walls of text that have nothing to do with anything. will keep playing, maybe it gets better. but i hoped the new player experience would at least be more polished.
terrible game you lose all your colour in 10 mins of starting you die from a 2 metre fall and the zombies insta-kill you 0/10 - me
really bad game.
it keeps disconnteting me from servers! only  the exit button works
░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█ ░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█ ░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█  bohemia needs to reconsider their dev team ░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ ░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ ▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌ █▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ █▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█ ▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌ ▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█ █▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
this review is focused on the singleplayer aspect of this game.pros:- fairly nice to look at- good sound design- bathurst- decent length careercons:- handling inferior to the original grid- i have seen better ai in n64 racing games- ai vehicles are also far stronger than player vehicle, which causes trouble with the high likelihood of ai colliding with player- rubbing against a wall while turning a corner may result in a sudden outbreak of the flips- no longer has the 'build your own racing team' style of the original, which i feel makes the game less appealing- have to pay extra for bathurst (and on that note, there is quite a catalogue of dlc which indicates that a decent amount of content was cut from the game for dlc, the same problem was had with dirt 3.)this is not really a bad game. however, it is inferior to its predecessor- your money would be much better spent on that.still could be worth picking up on sale if you are a fan of the series though.
0/1
overly pretentious and narcissistic. a omg-this-game-just-made-me-rethink-my-life wannabe.
very very repetitive and unoptimized for pc.
pretty bad to be quite honest
low fps even in a pc that can run heavy games like battlefield 3 or crysis 3
tough, but im going to have to say no to a recommendation.- inconsistant difficulty, mainly due to random nature.- not all concepts translate well to non-touch screens.- music is too damn catchy!- have stopped having fun, but want to press forward just to finish it.lots of box types, vast majority are useless when facing an obstacle. so many boxes are broken and wasted in between obstacles. some sections took me 15mins to clear, others took me over 2 hours of gameplay because of the difficulty and slim chances of the planets aligning to make the objective possible to complete.
did not enjoy.just not my cup of tea.
until "exceeded number of script variables per view" is fixed it's a dud.
most idiotic game ever built, can't jump, the mission objectives aren't clear, can't skip cut scenes and got stuck at the beginning because they put a ♥♥♥♥ing tank on a timer with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cover mode and no way of finding wtf the prick wants in 26 seconds.rubbish buy.
this game would be good if it didn't have horrid connection issues, horrid glitches and a horrid community. like if you thought rust and dayz was bad, wait till you see this. the aussie servers have major hacking issues as well. i tried so hard to like this game through all the bulls**t and drama but it just... isn't good. it should be early access. it's disgusting to look at, awful to play. its just bad, please never buy this game.td;lr never buy this game
       这款游戏的特色就是地图很大，真的非常大，但是游戏系统的多样性很缺乏，以至于除了玩任务之外我没有任何理由去玩这个游戏，游戏剧情也很差，任务也千篇一律，甚至连每次任务开头的实时演算动画都一模一样，而且由于地图太大，每次都得花很长时间才能到达任务地点，总之，just cause 2给我的印象就是 赶路 和 杀人。       联机mod也没有给我们带来更多乐趣，只是一堆人互相射击罢了。总评:画面      8/10剧情      5/10游戏性   3/10优点advantages- 巨大的地图，充满各种不同风格的地形- 爽快的战斗缺点disadvantages- 快速旅行后期才能使用，对于刚接触的新手来说十分不友好- 糟糕的载具驾驶手感- 任务单一，游戏性不高- 缺乏能提高游戏性的系统总评: 6/10总结: 如果你想领略这个东南亚样式国家的异域风情和风景的话，推荐你购买它，如果你只是想玩gta一类的游戏，还是推荐你回去玩gta系列或者黑道圣徒系列
大陆暂时无法sign in，vpn也尝试过了，不知道港台怎么样，总是会发生错误提示
while xcom 2's base game was 10/10, anarchy's children is a ugly cash grab.
it is a amazing game, but it just keeps crashing. if you do buy it, buy it on a console. and please nobody contact me about "fixes" i've tried everything.... everything under the sun. get new vegas instead.
a over hyped game that could nhave been so much better. don't buy. only reason i keep playing is because of the community maps, they're better than the base game.
played the mod, loved it. played the standalone, should've bought rust instead.my first experience:i spawn at balota. nice and happy due to the fact oh yay i can get a gun. i was wrong, too many bandits and shooting near balota so i decided to go to cherno and have fun. on the way i found some food and a bag and a helmet. first person i meet is really nice and i talk to him and stuff but the first thing i know he knocks me out and steals my pants and food. well ♥♥♥♥ that guy. i finally wake up from the 30 minute knock out time which there is no timer to help you and run away. i go down the road and meet another dude who was just punching the air. talk to him and he is nice, i really don't care if he knocks me out at this point cause i will probably just quit the game rather than wait another 30 minutes. next thing i know, boom two bandits come out with guns aiming down their sights at me and the dude who only have our fists out. they tell us to surrender so i am quickly mashing buttons to try and surrender (first time playing so i had no clue what button) and they decided to hatchet me, knock me out and then leave me for zombies to eat me. i just left. this game legitimately sucks ♥♥♥. but wait, just to be even more awesome don't forget to add the fact the game has no cars, loot is near impossible to find, when you find food you need a sharp object oh and the fact everything is so glitchy it is near impossible to play.i tried getting back into the game but everytime i spawned it was night time, i had a torch but due to dayz glitching, my torch was facing behind me and i had no way of seeing loot.10/10 reccomend you do not buy this game. go buy the mod instead, sure it may be an old game but it is sadly much much better than dayz standalone will ever be. oh and add the fact dayz standalone probably won't be finished until 3 years time and in 2 years time they finally add cars.
riddled with hackers. they're literally in every second game. if they made a single player in this as well however, it'd be pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
smite is an amazing game and the concept is absolutely perfect. this game would also be perfect if.... hirezstuidos pulled their ♥♥♥♥ together and instead of marketing, they decided to fix the numerous issues they already have. for example.the accept button for games, that has been broken for about 6 months, will they ever fix it? (to answer the question you must also answer, will they get money for doing it, if no, then you have no chance in hell for that being fixed.)balancing gods. this has always been an issue in smite with some gods being so useless they are never seen, while other gods are so overpowered that they are the winning factor of games. once again, if hirez fixes it, will they get money? probably not? okay then, it's not being fixed.servers causing people to randomly crash. this has been somewhat fixed but is still an issue, but hirez has probably ignored the issue now since they did little work to fix it.  once more we go with the rule. (will it make hirez money? "no" then hirez shall not fix it.)this game has the potential to be the greatest moba, but hirez studios is dragging it down constantly by not caring about the actual gameplay and only caring about money.i absolutely adore this game, but at this state, i cannot reccomend  it.
this game is not as good as csgo 1/10
this has got to be one of the worst and most frustrating games i have ever played. every aspect and potential fun of the game is ruined by glitches and annoyances. how long has the game been delayed now? what the hell have you even done with all this time? added jumpers and hats? not even one vehicle or anything majorly new for that fact, has been released in the standalone. granted this is still an early access game, but this joke of a game has made little to no major progress over the original mod. it is the same bland game with no vehicles, a massive map, undersatisfying rewards and takes a massive amount of time to accumulate everything you need to have a decent time. and that is if you don't glitch out or die from stepping through a door. do not waste your money on this crap. i have truly lost hope in the developers, i sincerely hope they bring this game back up to the standards of the arma mod version although it probably is impossible and would take 10 lifetimes. this game is a massive joke and do not waste your time with it, you should just buy arma and use the mod or epoch. this game in its current state is broken as hell and does not even deserve a rating.
don't.... just don't
the preset keyboard and mouse controlls are rubbish so a controller is necissary.i can't distinguish the colors to do the executions, which appears to be central to the gameplay.i have to find something else to do today. what a dissapointment.
yay microtransactions that what we all wanted♥♥♥♥ you overkill
was fun until valve ♥♥♥♥ed up the ranking system
doesn't even work when i open the game there is just a blank screen, i googled it and tried everything but it still didn't work. anyone have any advice on what i should try.
yay microtransactions that what we all wanted♥♥♥♥ you overkill
was fun until valve ♥♥♥♥ed up the ranking system
doesn't even work when i open the game there is just a blank screen, i googled it and tried everything but it still didn't work. anyone have any advice on what i should try.
graphics are good for a f2p gamegameplay is unparalelled, no other game like itweapon modification is coolno real bias i've noticed (although russia seems to always gain the upper hand in wars)squad update made people work more as a team (my first game since the update was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic)updates coming thick and fastgenerous devs give veteran membership at least once a month or updatenow to the cons;graphics are seriously unoptimised, given i have a gtx630 i still only get 60fps on 800x600 and low settingsweapon modification is expensive however ohk rifles recoup the lossessquad update was a big mistake, there are plenty of reviews as to why this is the case and i don't feel like becoming that kind of person.
this is men of war assult squad 1with worskhopand multiplayerand if mods don't work togetherwelcome to "safe mode" where you can remove those problem mods at the cost of 10 minutes re-doing your graphics settingsthe missions are repetitive as heck so you better pray those mods workthe multiplayer isn't even good i hear too and you can hardly find a matchin my opinion, just buy assult squad 1 and have a little fun rather than feed the devs for this peice of junk.
this game has (for the last time) ♥♥♥♥ed with me...it makes me feel like time is moving in slow ♥♥♥♥ing motion the game has gotten such little care and polish over the last couple of years it makes me want to commit suicide.dear dev team.hang yourselves... please do it you filthy money grubbing jewish ♥♥♥♥s.when i was young my grandfather ♥♥♥♥ed me. this game is worse.p.s. i ♥♥♥♥ing hate you dirty ♥♥♥♥ers
this game is ♥♥♥♥en putrrid.0/10 doesnt deserve the 20 metacritic score that it got.
this game is made on the unity engine and when you open the game up you are greeted with a very simplestic but nice looking menu.after you get into the game you begin to realise that the aliens don't really look like aliens (imo) but more goulish/zombie like. then the game is very boring and bland and simple to the point of bordem.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ehy6wrkhyg
at first glance, hawken may seem like a fast-paced, easy to play, balanced game. you are wrong.first, i would like to point out some issues with this game:a) instead of using your own steam account to play, you must make a different account, which has caused me and others to    wait for long periods of time just to wait for the non-steam account to sync with the servers.b) the main menu of hawken is very confusing to most new players, because it is filled with lots of advertisments to buy these special packs which is preposterous, in my opinion.c) your starting mech looks like a friggin tv with thin limbs and legs, and to customize it (and other mechs), you must buy some camos and decals with real money. the only other way you could customize it is to change the frame of your mech,and  all it does is add 0.01% more colour to it.d) the primary guns in the game have almost identical stats(as of 3/19/14), which make you waste your hard-earned rewards on things that are almost the same as your stock weapon.e) for those gamers who've played fast-paced games such as loadout, tf2, and call of duty, i would like to say that no matter what mech that you play as, you will be slow, and it is hard to tell if you actually damaged an enemy or not.f) the hud that you will be using in the game will make you feel like you're actually inside a mech, which is actually nice, but if you move or walk, the interface will shake in what direction you're going, therefore making you dizzy and/or distracted by it.g) in the matchmaking of this game, no matter what level you are, you could fight anyone. so what i'm saying is that you could be level 1-5, but you will fight people who've tested the alpha version of this game a long time ago, and they'll show no mercy.overall, this game has potential, but i honestly think that the devs need to work on almost everything to make this game more appealing to gamers who have played countless fast-paced shooters.
muy mal optimizado ni si quiera me corre y que si me corre gta 5 por favor solucionen esto
good game :d
11/10, updates aint even fixing bugs and sound is way too ♥♥♥♥ing loud
i can not reccomend this games simply because i just don't like anything about it
a potato can run better games than this
was gn3 now i am s4 thanks all that hard work and dedication it took me a year to rank up to gn3 and now because of this ♥♥♥♥ing update i am now s4 thanks gaben anyway if you want to play this game be carful you might wanna rip your hair out because of the amount of (12 year olds racist,hacker,smurfers,derankers)oh and that hard earned rank you got before the update well good job trying to not lose it beacause if you even lose 1 game you will get deranked like i did(update: i ripped so much hair out of my hair because of this update i now look like a cancer patient)(update 2: i am now silver 4 and i have been hacked and my knife is gone i quit this)
first game i've ever pre-ordered and will be my last.i would pay $15 max for this generic game. don't kid yourselves.
lazy developers trying to make ez money by adding cases. the meta of the game is still there though.the whole idea of cases is stupid in my opinion.
bad graphics! bad game!
seria algo bueno...si tan solo pudiera jugarlo, cumplo y sobrepaso los requisitos del juego, no pesa nada, y aun asi nada mas al darle click a jugar tarda lo suyo en abrir y al abrir (de milagro) se queda pegado un año entero en la pantala de loading del menu principal....
s hite
where is my survival mode with this dlc http://www.vermintide.com/dlc-plans-2015/
97 , pilas ? com isso pego um monte , de ♥♥♥♥♥ !!!! kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk e das boas eim !
não comprem esta ♥♥♥♥♥ !
a
pretty bad.
i dunno how this game got greenlit bc its a piece of trash. my classmates can make better games than this.
♥♥♥♥ game 0/10
:p do i gotta tell you...
a friend and i got into a party to start the campaign. we started buffering for a game and then i joined one and he didn't. so basically we were in the same party and we somehow we got seperated and couldn't join the same game. would love to review some of the gameplay but this is as far as we got before we switched back to having more fun playing tf2. has amazing potential, but i honestly don't think it will get to the same stage as the games alike i.e. tf2
this game is terrible, it has massive maps with nothing in them. spawning you, at times, 5 minutes away from the objective  (the only point where hostiles spawn). it is also extremely glitchy.
mínimo: so: windows 7 64bit procesador: 2 ghz memoria: 8 gb de ram directx: versión 9.0 almacenamiento: 8 gb de espacio disponiblerecomendado: so: windows 10 64bit procesador: 3 ghz memoria: 16 gb de ram gráficos: nvidia gtx 980 directx: versión 12 red: conexión de banda ancha a internet almacenamiento: 10 gb de espacio disponiblebuena optimizacion nada que decir
go with cs:source.
this is a game that i really do not like... the whole back story to it is good but like it is not a game for serious gamers!!
literally the worst ♥♥♥♥ i have ever played
sims 3 is a very poorly coded game, has alot of performance issues such as freezing, stuttering, fps drops even on a high end pc, and just feels outright sluggish and of poor performance. very poorly coded game. on top of taht ea has'nt even tried to patch these issues.
still has performance issues, so much for the so called patch to fix the problems, fps drops in bat mobile and gliding. review wont change until its stabilized, until then.
this game needs major attention, cant load into servers, cant play solo, cant load anything, changing memory options does not help, causes computer to freeze even though my comptuer has 8gb of ram and well over recommnded requirements, causes crashes, game becomes unresponsive, not responding, client error. right now i regret buying this game. opinion and review may change in future, when this game is fixed.
this game gave me ebola
jogo muito bom recomendo a todos jogarem, ei wallas vou jogar com voce
unknown error in story mode? really?
ok so... this would be a good game  if  the controls were good i meen when you build up speed sometimes you just randomly stop or get bounced of the track and you can't turn in mid air wich sucks
♥♥♥♥ this game with a quartet of rusty spoon weilders.
what the ♥♥♥♥ am i doing
almost 9 months, and still in early acess alpha?..... do not waste you time and hard earned money, this game is clearly in development hell, and it dosen't look to be leaving it any time soon.
just pooo
just pooo
do not buy this dlc. i bought it so that i could play with a friend and have a cooler looking pool que than him, turns out it doesn't work on multiplayer (he saw the default models)
a counter strike and call of duty wannabe game.
do not waste your money!ok - i didn't do any research on this... just saw deus ex and assumed it would be new dlc like the missing link.biggest mistake i've made in a long time. this game was made for for apple ipads and iphones using only touchscreen controls, then ported to pc...badly. i would have thought that the developers would have tweaked the controls and graphics for the modified crystal engine that human revolution used. did they? no - they used the unity engine that they used for ios and seem to have paid absolutely no attention to converting touch controls for mouse and keyboard.as a result the game is virtually unplayable and eidos has shafted many loyal fans for the sake of easy profits.p.s. for once, twilight is a better love story than this game
gotta love these sorts of games, you get your choice of 4 races, 2 are locked btw, and you get your choice of 9 classes, but if you want to play the first 3 or last 3, your female, but if you want the middle 3, then your male. also their idea of a non-target system is that the system will auto lock onto anything near your cursor, so its not actually a non-target system. oh, and before i forget, its just funny to watch everyone attempting to jump over the fence, but the devs messed up the jump system, so all you see is 4-12 people all stuck on the fence in the jump animation.
not recommended until fully optomized
this game could be good but i do not know as i have been unable to get past the title screen. i can successfully choose english as the language i would like to play the game in then can not do anything else. i have literally pressed every button on my keyboard, mouse and controller, separately and at the same time to no avail. if there could be more clarity or a fix for this i will possibly be able to like the game.
honestly this game is bad, i played 2 games and whilst i had some fun and some aspects like the vechiles or large gun selection but all that is meaningless when the game has huge holes.visually this game has loads to love and they have added a lot of content but the weapons don't feel good and animations aren't smooth, try standing still and you will see the raptors slowlly go for a munch when they stand infront of you and then all that happens is the screen gets a little red.compare that to a game like cod or maybe a good coop survival like killing floor, the gun sounds in those games feel meaty and powerful and when someone sttacks you the whole animation flows, people don't stop moving and then move one arm with a knife whilst the rest of their body stays perfectly still, that is what the dinosaurs do. when you take damage in cod the screen would shake, you would hear grunts and a quick splash of red on the screen in the form of blood would appear. this is why this game feels so dull to me, no wieght to actions.also mechanicly its dull, with dino's that just run at you and then a couple tanky ones where is the strategic puzzle? i dont know, it just seems to be shooting or driving.
having played through various stages of the beta, the current system feels too grindy, the weapons always look very similar when you customise them and higher level weapons are way too powerful because you can scarcely compete. there is fun to be had in this fast paced highly mobile third person shooter but it just feels like it misses the mark. highly customised weapons usually just mean a couple numbers behind the scenes and a different clip size, you live and die to quickly for you to play a completely different way based on whether or not your rockets scuttle or stick
gg
i got this game for free on a site  that i used to buy steam games cheaper so here are my good, mediocore and bad. i am an avid rpg/jrpg game who used to play final fantasy and chrono trigger when i was younger and still play them to this day sometimes.good:characters - i actually like these characters, great backstory wished they introduced characters more clearly than rushing them.mediocore:music - it's okstory - it's kinda messed up as you get thrown into different scenarios and i partially have no idea whats going onartwork- although decent but kinda plainbattle system- quite nice of adding in a threat system. thinking of my way through of how to deal with my enemies but that was quickly overlooked aka get the guy who has the most hp finishing off the enemy so he takes damaged while keeping the damaged dealing with hp sustain and weakening the games. also my characters get ko in battle unfairly: gouge- me: chance of blinding a person with an attack. monster: chance of blinding the enemy with a chance of ko.bad:its feels short - i take my sweet as time when learning a new rpg game but dam the short feeling is strong here.currency is redundant- you can basically survive off the items that you find instead of buying them, there are plenty hp/mp restore points in the game.boss battles: feeling extremely boring and easy heck yakra gave me a harder time than the first couple bosses combined. in short if you were buying this game don't buy it at full price its not worth it.
i want to give this game an up to date review. about a year ago i wrote a review saying that i had no criticisms about it at all. but my opinion has changed to the point where i cannot bring myself to support the developers anymore. i put almost 200 hours into this game over the course of a few years(i know that isn't much for a lot of people but its a lot for me) and absolutely loved it. i did research on all the lore(yes it exists) and followed all of the news and patch notes. no i wasn't godly amazing at the game. but i loved it. i supported it.then the whole game went downhill in less than a week. the catalyst that set it off was the addition of safes and drills in a similar manner to cs:go or tf2.i was disappointed to say the least. and so, it seemed, was the community.further research into the issue highlighted that the developers overkill had previously promised that they would not ever add microtransactions to the game, something they did with the addition of safes and drills.but i also learned about other things that they had done. they delayed making payments on a prize won at an official tournament hosted by them. they had begun to sell out their brand for cheap promotions, for example the addition of john wick, or the alesso heist.i lost faith in them very quickly. the reddit q&a with the developers held right after the safe and drills update showed that they had no intention to discuss the community's opinons with answers like, when asked if there was a possibility of them ever reconsidering safes and drills, 'no, we won't' (or something along those lines, i don't remember the exact wording) i tried to stay loyal, and tried to believe that it was gonna be fine. i hoped that one day they'd see the issue with microtransactions giving stat boosts to weapons. i hoped that they'd at least apologise for the issues that the update has caused for the community. i hoped that even if they wouldn't stop the microtransactions, it would mean the end of paid dlc packs.they didn't apologise. they didn't remove the stat boosts. despite their financial statements saying that they were making large profits, and despite them saying that they only make paid content when they absolutely have to, they contiued to release paid dlc packs. they did a collaboration with goat simulator, of all games. it just shows how greedy they all are if they decide that goat simulator is a good idea for a collaboration.the addition of the goat simulator dlc was the last straw for me. it just drove home the fact that they didn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about their consumers.so my message to you is that the game itself isnt terribly designed. however please, for ethical reasons, so that this kind of behaviour does not continue, please do not buy this game and support these greedy and ignorant scumbags.
just no.
the only thing good about this game is the ambient sounds.
boring
saw it on sale for cheap so not too much of a loss.grabbing/holding parts doesn't consistantly work (60-70% fine), game decided at three different points to resize from "fullscreen" to "original" - whatever damn resolution original is...
pros:* tolkien universe* interesting premise* orcs fall into simple categories - normal, urak, archers, spear throwers, hoplites, captains, warchiefscons:* orcs are pertually respawning to the point where you feel you make no progress* you don't ever feel like you are making progress* if you ever do make progress, that is short lived and replaced with more orcs* all of the orcs seem to be chav's converted by the dark lord* i would have enjoyed watching this more as a movie than playing it as a game* it's essentially a re-skinned, re-mapped batman arkham city* had to double check to see if ubisoft made it
muito ruim devia ser de graça
4 ways for the same ♥♥♥♥ing ending with different people.
most boring most repetive worst dlc i have ever played. i did not hesitate a second to leave the sierra madre. but it has the best reward at the end. probaly the devs saying "sorry for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc have some gold"
this game was good before the update. now sence they made drills drop its still fun.other then the assloads of dlc that should be ♥♥♥♥ing free now ♥♥♥♥ing wepon skins. this is like ea making csgo.
me baneron sin inguna razon-algo injugable , ya dejado de lado el juego , todos en black ops ii .difinitivamente no es malo pero comprense el boii
♥♥♥♥ing sucks
this game is better as a joke than as a game. the tutorial is narrated by microsoft narrator or something very similar. i'm not quite sure (due to the terrible graphics) but i think it may actually be a game about a bunch of rats elaborately and incredibly violently killing something which resembles a cat, and makes a 'reow' noise every 2 seconds (it is slowly driving me insane). it is a dodgy puzzler which rewards you at the end of each level with a rain of blood and viscera from the cat-thing dying a horrible torturous death. 2/10, but only because it's fun to laugh at! (not with, at)
10/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
bem gay
way over priced, waste of money.its stupid and dumb. i want my bloody money back and for this peice of ♥♥♥♥ removed from my library
i like the old game but damn this video introduction and pictures make it look soo incredibly ♥♥♥♥.
 1 word repeated 5k times ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit etc have a nice day -5000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
 1 word repeated 5k times ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit etc have a nice day -5000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
not worth the money.
worst matchmaking, bugs everywhere, no servers available in sa, can't report afk's, bad language or abuse, racism, bad teamworking, toxic platyers in general, everything is too ♥♥♥♥ing expensive to buy with credits or real money, pay to win game, op mercs everywhere that they won't nerf for reasons. i'm playing for the fun but i won't deny that i wouldnt recommend for anyone, and that i don't ger stressed.
remember the time when assassin's creed was about stealth
definetely not worth it
how to play multiplayer tell me
i am a die hard fallout fan but so far fallout 4 has not impressed me ps probably over hyped it. just get fallout new vegas
i feel dirty.....
i do not appreciate being sold an overpriced hyped up pile of ♥♥♥♥ covered in sugar and being told it is delicous cake. well the cake is a lie.
like getting killed by bandits like 2 seconds after spawning than this is the game for you, no fun anymore
connection stability has become a bit of a joke since daybreak took over, it seems.great game, just no longer playable for me.
bucket of ♥♥♥♥ that doesn't work. if you aren't running this on the original intended hardware, it's worthless.
there are admittedly a few funny moments, but feels very much like a extremely cut-down version of what we've seen so far. kinzie can be played as, but the game continues to give ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to johnny gat and throws kinzie to the wayside, despite if you choose to play the entire ♥♥♥♥ing game with her.no homies, so no banter/dialog. no personalisation of your player, because god forbid we put gat almighty in a ♥♥♥♥ing clown suit or something.honestly, you're better off watching the cutscenes on youtube than buying the game.
i was very keen for this game in the early stages, though as development has gone on, my interest has waned.poor ui and lack of consistency amongst interactions are rife here, and speaking with the developer, they seem to be under the impression that having a bad ui adds to the immersion and replayability of the game.this one is getting permanently uninstalled, and forgotten about.
don't get me wrong. robocraft is a perfectly good game and all, but i do not recommend playing it. i will address why towards the end of the review. for now, let me address the critical aspects of robocraft as a whole.gameplaythe gameplay ranges from average to great - solely depending on how serious your teamates are about winning. the game consists of you and your team building whatever vehicles you want and setting about demolishing the other team. as of the date this review was made, you can have access to 5 different ways to blow the enemy sky high: smgs, plasma cannons, railguns, tesla blades and a nano-beamer which can restore allies vehicles. you can stack tesla blades with other guns, but you can't have an smg with a railgun. the problem is that these are not very well balanced: railguns are far worse than plasma cannons, just as an example. remember how i said that the battles can range up to great depending on your teammates? if you are using a railgun, you are literally dependant on your allies protecting you while it is recharging. and it takes a long time to do so, during which you are more vulnerable than a snowflake in a volcano, for lack of a better analogy. and since blowing up enemy vehicles is a part of the game, you can blow up individual parts of the enemy vehicles - in the time in takes for you to read this review up to here, you can now fire your railgun again, except you can't because someone has blown it up. now you have to wait for someone else to come across and restore your guns so you can defend yourself. and now you are dead because your healing ally is busy polishing someone else's vehicle. and this happens more often than not. i should mention that the tier system in place for research (yes, research requires you to acquire tech points in varying tiers, and unless you pay real money, there is no way to cross-tier your tech points) is not that great - more than once have i seen nano-beamers (which are acquired at tier 7, minimum) used in a tier 2 or 3 match, i have once had the pleasure of seeing an enemy using a tier 10 plasma in tier 4 - ouch is a massive understatement. at least now you have boss fights where a lot of t4s can fight a big, bulky, one-shotting t10. but this happens so rarely it might as well not have been implemented.there are items you can acquire to help you stealth your way around the map, such as radar jammers, but then the enemy can just spot you by pressing q - which makes you very obvious to every enemy on the map - so there isn't a point. also, only two parts of your vehicle - the pilot seat and the block it is sitting on - determine life or death.in order to acquire better stuff, you either pay endlessly (it takes at least $20 and a lot of grind to unlock everything in one sitting), you have to not only acquire tech points, but also robo points which are used for purchasing stuff once you have it available. up until recently, dying yielded you a lot less points, even if you wiped out more than half the enemy team - the emphasis is on surviving rather than killing. ironically, killing is the only way to acquire more points to pore into your vehicles. and that is pretty much all i need to say about the gameplay.aestheticsthe aesthetics are not exactly what i would call good, but it isn't terrible either. robocraft is one of those games where you can literally build anything you want and it would be the way your vehicle is. wait a minute, "build anything you want"? isn't this somewhat vaguely familiar? as in overdone by this point? not that this game does it poorly, but i think i have seen enough ugly vehicles, that are ugly on purpose, but i have seen some rather... rude... looking vehicles. there is very little moderation in terms of vehicle aesthetics. otherwise, some of the maps are very good and are pleasing to look at, but then you build a flying vehicle and seen the endless plains outside the map. if it were me, i would have just used a skybox - they already implemented a force field to prevent you from leaving in a flying vehicle. at least a high-res skybox would have been acceptable, and would yield less complaints, and would have been a lot more processor friendly. and that is all i have to say about aesthetics - they are only graphics and are only responsible for maybe 20% of a game's value.soundtrackthe soundtrack, even when the music volume is on full, can be rather quiet at times. i get it, it is supposed to create tension when i do rarely hear it, but if anything it annoyed me. maybe that is because i prefer the soundtrack in any game to fit what the game is about - i do not associate the need for stealth with a game that is clearly about blowing the pilot seat out of a heavily armoured vehicle, and where stealth does little more than get you killed quicker if you try. i ended up turning off the music and listened to the tyrian ost - which was much more suitable, but  i just happen to be listening to another game's ost while playing this one. so yeah, go figure.developeri understand most people would not recommend a game because of its developers. this happened to paranautical activity, the developers said some rather nasty stuff to their fans and to valve, and as a result they had their game kicked out. but the developers for robocraft are not like that at all. they regularly add new patches to their game to make it more fun - recently, a "hero bonus" was added to compensate those people that die wiping out more than half the enemy team. and they make newspaper articles to hint at new features being developed. they also take some feedback on the odd occassion, albeit more of an acknowledgement than anything. for a team of 10 people, what they have achieved is pretty good so far. i encourage them to make a game that you have to pay money to play, as opposed to "pay to win", which is what robocraft is rather sadly.anti-hacker policyok people. i said that i don't reccommend this game and here is the reason. now, i'm not a hacker, and as someone who will eventually get into game development, i fully understand the concerns that developers have for their games to ensure that people don't cheat to win. but there are far better ways of doing this than using easyanticheat (also called eac, robocraft refers to its system as roboshield). in case you don't know why anti-virus software has such a big problem with eac, it is because eac literally acts like spyware. when you play robocraft, you are giving permission for the guys at eac to monitor your personnal details. they can rename it however they like, it doesn't change what they are doing. having access to your data is basically giving up your privacy for security, an area that is already being heavily debated in the information technology industry (remember the papa framework anyone? if you don't, i suggest you google "mason, papa framework"). in anycase, they tell us that eac is using the data being data-mined to detect hackers and such, but that is a lot of processing power being used, and i have trouble believing that it is all for 'verification' of the game's validicity. true, this is easy anti cheat that freejam are using, but nothing is ever labelled as easy unless there are ways around it. you may have noticed that less than 50% of robocraft players are hanging around, and even that number is ever decreasing due to eac. a far better and more person friendly approach would have been to use valve's anti cheat (also called vac). for one, vac doesn't act like spyware, it is server side only (which is another advantage, you can't have your users decompile your eac on their client to find exploits and whatnot) and uses less processing power which can free up more servers. and while yes, vac is open-source, this is actually an advantage.and that is the review. do not play until they use vac instead of eac. hopefully, they will correct that mistake soon.
♥♥♥ u nava
well first. this isnt a reccomendation its the opposite. areas are blocked off from the world by invisible walls which in a i guess game genre like this is a bad thing since exploration should reward with loot like a diablo type game but this one completely says ♥♥♥♥ you if u try to think oh hey im gonna explore here. the animations are horrible and the level up system is boring with the oh hey put a few attribute points into this skill and even if i did eventually get spells from skills with the horrible combat it woudlnt matter (acording to a friend this game was also designed for an ipad im not sure if this is true but what do u expect and at this point i really dont want anything to do with...this)
it shows half the ♥♥♥♥ing story on the store page when u havent even played it.
boring and repetitive, and hats
this game is ♥♥♥♥. the graphics are ♥♥♥♥, the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ and the gamemodes are ♥♥♥♥. it had some cool concepts but they are smothered in ♥♥♥♥, don't get this game
was a great game, but slow dlc power creep and the latest patch/p2w release has lead me to uninstall this game. shame on you overkill.
this game sux
the best game to make you want to play civ v.
i recomend getting the black plague over this. seriously. go here instead and play the good version instead: http://buildandshoot.com/
i bought this game because years ago i loved it. it's a great shooter, a real classic of the genre. but, there is a really big problem. the pc version has very few people online and the system for joining games is a joke. joining my second lobby, the game refused to load the game and it contiuned to do this. as a result i am refunding it.warning to dlc buyers: there are very few games with dlc online and it's a waste having it.
this game reminds me of texas
lol
as incredibly popular as it is, the game mechanics seem to be very much rendered to appeal to those already experts in the genre. these finite and interesting mechanics seem to tease new players of low skill level. another detterent for new players is the immediate unlock of all heroes. this means that, in order to find ones favorite hero, players have to play through dozens of matches with new strategies and skills. as a preference, i would reccomend league of legends over dota 2 for players new to the moba genre, simply because of it's more accessible interface and more "newb friendly" system.
the binding of isaac is a proceeduraly generated dungeon crawler with random loot, rooms and enemies. it is also the most offensive and generally disgusting game i have ever played. it is the personification of isanity and  malice. it was quite simply constructed to be offensive to as many audiences as possible. the beggining of the game shows a child under fear of murder by his own mother. this is followed by the first dungeon, in which isaac needs to use his own tears to fight the monsters within. that sounds bad enough, however throughout the game, more disgusting content is clear. as isaac finds powerups, he attatches them to his body in the most gruesome way possible.  this game has reduced any sense of respect i had for team meat and i would never want to meat this author. the binding of isaac is ♥♥♥♥ed up in the worst way and i wish i could remove it from my games list, as i am ashamed to own it. 0/10.
i would like to know why it personally crashes 95% of the time dont get it its terrible at putting you in matches, let alone the crashes.. 0/10
why is there stamina bar when you can like kill someone when you're out of stamina?  even dark souls had better combat than this pos.
i hate the fact that i have to give this game a negative review. the game itself is fantastic but that is all thrown out the window by uplay. i brought the game a while ago and decided to give it another go. i logged in to find that my key was "in use by someone else"
not enough developers with neckbeards
was i pay rm242 for play lag or dely game?????fix u stupid mp server ok? hard find game and ping ♥♥♥♥ing dely then before beta serve!after update the dely problem still have and more critical!!how come 140-160 ping can dely 4-5 hit shoot when shooting other player is 180-200 ping ??!!i play so many  fps game only cod have ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ ping and dely problem!!!and one more how come this stupid mp system keep let player in low ping game???!! (my ping 200-300 all of them ping 30-20)go in for feed??serious  make me disappointed cant play any nice ping game at cod
many hacker and server lag zzzzzzz
the admins of this server made me feel very sad and depressed. they excluded me and my friends on this starwars event. i would like to say... #### the admins of that server and please make better admins of this server .... please
there is a bug in this game which prevents it from being launched. there is no known fix.
literaly the failed abortion of halo and call of duty filled with dlc's and trash mechanics. (it's ♥♥♥♥ing trash).
even though this is a negative review i understand why many people enjoy farcry 2.the open world feels rich, the combat is brutal and intense and the story builds up to an interesting point which helps to make it fun.the negative: i find that this game is against you the entire time since there is no real point in liberating outposts like there was in farcry 3, the world is threating and unforgiving but in a way that makes me feel like the game is constantly being cheap and punishing me for try to play the way that i want which is mostly stealth. also even though the story is good it doesn't make much sense at times and it just feels like that you want to get a faceless character to survive in a fiery hellhole in the african sahara. i would give this a 6/10 which is something that i really thought hard about but i felt everything in 2 was done better in farcry 1 and 3.
no
idk wtf i was thinking when this dlc came out and i stupidly bought it and i wasnt able to refund it. i regret buying this. not worth a single penny. here's some better stuffgage ninja pack <- has better crossbowyakuza chracter pack <- has the fastest and the strongest melee weapon( plus katanas r kewl)in game masks <- r better especially the new 4 horsemen of  dooms day  whatever  masks if u want some medieval stuff dont buy this bad masks useless weapons with long ♥♥♥ realoads melees weps r useless  and the only good thing is the javelen but nothing beats a motov and or a grenade
dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing game i have played to date with a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid mimentum system that so god damm stupid.
25 dollars. a week later it went free and no one even plays not worth
just no
2 hour $15 game was okay until alien sludge ate my babiestwice
this game creeps me out, im never playing it again!
bans my account for no reason support instantly closes case and does not explain why ♥♥♥♥ game
this dlc has never been updated come on!
dlc's are overpriced better off not getting them instead of forking out 100+ dollars for them!
do not buy! read on! this is an alpha and full release review.i wouldn't go near this game until it has been released fully. still keen? expect 5gig+ patches every two weeks or monthly. i have downloaded over 20gig of patches in the last 8 weeks for stuff all changes, with that sort of patch volume i'd expect big changes or more content, neither were apparent. when you ask the devs whats up with the huge patches you will have the question removed from the forum, truly awesome work devs. the player base is tiny, being an oceanic gamer it is even smaller, not even remotely worth it. my opinion; stick with war of roses, do not give these guys a dime until the finished product is out, they don't deserve it.fyi; take note of when the positive reviews for this game happened, very few people are happy with the state of play in 2014.post full version launch.the game is still garbage, the devs continue to push out 5gig patches every couple of weeks to add one or two swords or tweak a class. the game is a joke, the balance is getting worse, the combat clunkier, the range combat is a waste of time. the devs could care less about finishing as they could about adding more dlc for kids to buy. how you can release dlc less than a month after an official launch and not give to preaccess and alpha is disgusting and should tell you all you need to know about these devs and what they think of the consumer. war of roses was/ is a better game; armor, range, better levels, mounted combat. its just better (yes even with its current balance). war of vikings; waste of money, the devs should of kept working on roses, this is the same game with different textures, a clunkier-crappier combat system and none of the above mentioned features. gg fapshark
didn't like it!
don't waste your money.
not a very fun game.
good game, would be better with an asian server. alot of lag on eu or na server (in australia).
the trailers for this game made it look like a good one but from what i have played, the trailer looks like it's worth more than the game itself.~pros~nothing here(so sad)~cons~overpowered weaponsconfusing menuout dated engine(nothing wrong with source it's just old)no australian servers(as an australian gamer this cause major lag issues)bad controlsnot tactical in any way~final thought~we got nothing that made this game look good, all we got was a sad piece of c**p that no one wants to play. if you want a tactical game buy counter strike global offensive, if you want a free to play game that is amazing get team fortress 2. this game is like counterstrike and call of duty had a baby. and it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. oh and it's just a waste of space on your hardrive
i bought this game & i cant play becase i get kickout by other players. it should be free to play.
random crits will constantly make you quit the game and move over to csgo, where it isn't a cheap rip off of another game. rip tf2 2012 - 2014
this game is utter rubbish
2k australia got shut down and this is a perminantly unfinished (and thus overpriced garbage) season pass. the claptastic voyage is the only dlc they put effort into and the only one worth the money (it is actually really good), so it is better to just buy that instead.
this game unfortunately is a huge mess (tl:dr below)on one hand, the levels and most of the gameplay is very well designed. the game is challenging and generally any mistakes you make are due to your own lack of precision. i made it through the whole game and had fun most of the time as i enjoyed the challenge.the only reason why i would not ever recommend this game, which is a very big flaw, is that the ragdolls are very badly designed. for a feature that is so core to the gameplay (especially on the last few levels), it amazes me how random it gets. people seem to blame the games physics in general, but everything else in the game seems to behave normal.when you, or any other object in the game, becomes a ragdoll, anything can happen. you can clip through traps meant to kill you, walls and platforms, or even get blasted outside of the map. without the ragdoll mechanic the game would be amazing and fair, while still being very difficult. however you will often die, get stuck in a wall or fall off a platform for seemingly no reason and have to start the round all over again. this is most noticeable on one of the last few levels that is literally impossible to beat unless one of the ragdolled objects get stuck in the map, which seems like really lazy design for a game like this.tl:dr not the challenging game it is supposed to be due to poor ragdoll physics.
most ♥♥♥♥ing dissappointing game that shouldnt be bought due the story line was very short, characters such as flash werent fast and the free roam wasnt very interesting due u only run around an area in circles. i believe this game was a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money and shouldnt be bought (unless ur a ♥♥♥♥ing kiddie) as the creators are seem to be lazy as ♥♥♥♥ making this game. lego marvels is betta ♥♥♥♥er
this game is highly over-rated and while it isn't a bad game it's certainly closer to a bad game than good, im still glad i bought it due to gmod, anyways that's why my negative review is here :)
it looks like a pay to win browser game 0/10
i bought this to play with friends a long time back then stashed it away. was going through my games library and rembered starting the campaign but wondered why i didn't carry on, it was a good game with good graphics and a interesting story. read comments section on uplay and remembered the horror that is uplay. now i can't forget about it soon enough...
update per daytoo many update1.5 mb for bug fix every patch
oh good lord what did i just play i think i need the last 10 minutes of my life back. this is without a doubt the worst game in the world.no stars ever
c++ crashes its contagious
tyra\gsrtmgm,yujgh
this game is dumb the ranking system is just ...stupid plz change it so u can see how close you are to the next rank plz i beg u. other wise is good 
i have no idea why prople like this.
if microtransactions allowed the developer to continue supporting the game and adding free content then that's great, but giving the option for people to buy cosmetics before you've met your early access obligations is disgusting. i bought kf2 based on tw's reputation - something i now regret.
if you have an amd gpu then don't buy this game, it's still broken...such a shame.
i paid 20 dollars i havent been able to play at all this is rip of don't buy it
i'm going to make this one short and sweet. falsely-advertised, un-optimized, buggy, no multiplayer, zero depth, terrible menu system, no challenge, a "universe" that is just a skybox with static planets that are just recolours of each other... generally, if you can think of it, this game has done it wrong.burning your $60 would be a better investment. at least that gives a few seconds of excitement.
dont work ._.
honestly, the game is a challenge to get used to - i'm not disputing that at all. it's good to have a challenge. however, there are too many other problems with the game that are just too big to ignore. predominantely:- graphics: while they are good, codies have gone from looks over actual gameplay and functionality.- multiplayer: is absolutely woeful. it's impossible to race against anyone effectively when the game can't keep up with who is where on the track. all of a sudden, you get told you're in first, and before you even cross the line, someone else has crossed it and pops up a fastest lap.- push to talk: why was this stripped out of the game? i don't want to voice everyone in the game if i'm speaking to someone privately in a ts server.- glitches: ie: refer my posted screen shot - how the hell can a car drive around on rims!?!?!? this isn't the only one.- gameplay assists: there's absolutely no difference between traction control being off and on medium. there was at least some difference on 2014.- steam achievements and trading cards: despite doing at least 10 clean laps around russia in a marrusia in time trial, the game fails to recognise these laps towards the achievement - i don't know why. the game also claims to have steam trading cards - i'm yet to see any after nearly 4 hours of play, and a friend has 10 times as many hours (40) and hasn't seen any either. so the trading cards are a blatant lie at this stage.codies - if you bothered to look at the meta scores in steam for your games since 2010, they have been steadilly declining, with 2014 being the worst of the last 5. your track record suggests that this one will be the worst of the lot. if you can't get your ♥♥♥♥ together, you don't deserve a renewal to make more of these games from fom.there's just one question remaining: did anyone at codemasters even bother to test this game properly before it was released?**edit: since my review, allegedly, trading cards have been released. **
seriously, don't waste your money on this game - go and source yourself a copy of the latest in the airport tycoon series, or airline tycoon evolution. these games will give you much your enjoyment and keep you entertained for much much longer than this game will.for the purpose of the review, i stuck at this game for 18 hours according to steam before finishing it. honestly, after the first hour, it was a sad reaity that all one would do the for majority of the time was sit and stare at a screen and click a few buttons every few minutes.this game should be rated "p" for pathetic. it feels drastically un-finished, the game physics are poor (and have been demonstrated by numerous others who have played this game). i'm sure whatever money that the developers have made from this game, they wouldn't be able to take into a brothel and organise a root. seriously, what were they thinking when they made this game?!??!!do not buy this game - you are wasting your money
i know i haven't played much of it. but of course as soon as i buy it, it's going to be free... these devs are know for stealing assets. (this will probably get removed) meh
every single server "lost connection to server 10s disconnecting in 20s"
10/10 would like to not respond again
just stay away from this game. it's crap.shoot is bad, always ar or smg and melee is op.the maps and spawnpoints are garbage.p2waka, c.r.a.p.
i rather play eso
um what even is this game? i got locked into a shack and could not get out... apart from that it looked interesting but i deleted it.
i dont like it... i rather play swtor, or eso
use to play this game on psp, it looks so different and i didn't enjoy it that much compared to on a console. also requires you to get game ranger or something alike it because multiplayer runs through gamespy which is now closed.
0/10 will not bag at all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uodjkjbj94y&feature=youtu.be
just ruins the game for example heres one of the issues this unrefined dlc has brought. if you want to play as an ethnic minority like the dutch stuck in west francia and you want to break out before the patch/xpac you could just focus on finance and save alot of money to buy a mercenary army that take them down while they are weak.however with the new fleeing system and how hard is it to chase through francia with all the provinces being so small you will beat them in a battle but get much less victory points and they will be able to flee much further and if u catch up to them while they are fleeing you cant fight them which is absolute bs and just unfair nonsense. tldr some people like playing as the dutch and u made that harder paradox.
was really keen for this as i played mk9 back in the day but wasnt able to own it cos mk is r18 in aus.when i got this i played the story mode and enjoyed and i liked some of the additonal moves u can swap out with the characters.namely the cool new stuff ermac can do.unforutnately thats where the positivity stops.the online is freakin unplayable not matter how good ur net is,the game is soooo badly optimized im using an alienware with a good processor and 32 gigs of ram and a 2gb graphics card and this game lags like ♥♥♥♥ where as skyrim on ultra high or dark souls 2 on max settings is fine.seriously bad optimization for a fighting game.most dissapointing thing is no online cos i was keen on that
oh hey, overkill gave "free" dlc to everyone who already owned the wolf pack from payday: the heist.too bad they don't actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about their community at all, and still charge for pretty much everything released despite the addition of pay-to-gain-advantage microtransactions. for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money too. two heists fromt he original game for $12au? how about no.how about you go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, overkill. just like how you already ♥♥♥♥ed over the veterans of this franchise, so only about 0.4% of pd:th veterans will even play this despite it being free for them.
when the game had just come out, overkill promised players that there would never, ever be microtransactions in payday 2 on multiple occassions. they lied.when players were completing challenges for crimefest 2015, overkill promised that all content unlocked from the completion of challenges would be free. they lied.screw overkill.i mean, i really, really wish i could say that despite all that there is still a part of me that enjoyed the game, even after all this. and i tried and i tried - because i never played any other game as much as payday 2 up until that point. but the weapon balance they brought witht he pay-to-gain-the-advantage microtransactions made all the gunplay feel completely off, compared to what it used to be. assault rifles are inaccurate and ineffective, and the pistols have all been turned into hand cannons. concealment in stealth is now more reliant on how much your weapon skin buffs concealment than your skills and mods.i really still wish i could say "despite all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, what's was always still great about this game was..." but it's gone now. that era has been and gone, and it really, really saddens me.rest in peace, payday 2 pre-crimefest 2015. a brilliant game with so much potential. you will be missed.
this a waste of money and gameplay is so bad nothing is fair do not buy this!
ummmm i have no idea what i should even do
i played this back when it came out bit now its like why :c 
too many russians.
its one of the worst games i have ever played 3/10
an outdated engine and focus on features that don't improve on the core aspects that made dayz mod the amazing game that it was. instead of fighting in heart pounding tense situations and setting up camps with friends, you'll be experiencing rage inducing bugs that make you turn away from this game from weeks to even months on end. i hope soon that i can write a positive review and say great things about dayz sa but right now i would recommend that you save your money until the game is worth it.
i'm sad to say that fallout 4 feels like a step back from fallout 3 and new vegas.fallout 3 and nv had a great damage model for all difficulties, rewarding you for precise shots - while still making you quite vulnerable towards enemy attacks.in fallout 4 enemies will sponge bullets (even getting 4-5 shots in the head most times won't kill them), and they will run straight towards you and kill you within a few hits. it's not challenging, it's just a painful bore.the way difficulties of safes to lock-pick and terminals to hack is really scattered, it feels like they've just randomly chosen which ones will be novice, adept and masterful in terms of skill required, instead of placing expert locks in hard to reach areas, and novice ones in clear view places.i'm 8 hours in and i'm yet to meet an interesting character that influences my decisions and draws my attention into the conversation in any way.also it is v-sync locked and 60fps locked (72 if you have 144hz monitor) and unlocking will speed up the game world and break dialogue options.
trailer looks awesome.. but cant do anything.. at least not yet and havent seen a update kinda a waste of money.. imo.
australia have allowed rated r and this game still rated m for kids with low violence and consored stuffs. not recommended.
soy gay y me gusta el canela y el visho es el mas shoro
soy gay me gusta la canela la olivia y la renata soy un perquin de ♥♥♥♥♥♥
horribly optimized
abandoned and a piece of ♥♥♥♥. was fun for maybe 3 hours.
the game is fun and i have enjoyed multiple hours with friends on online. but the amount of hackers in the game is so appauling that you have to switch sessions every hour or so to avoid them.
loadout.exe dejo de funcionar, 10/10 ign
i hope the maker of this gets a heart attack..the end
first 9 weeks of school straight a's,i got this game then i got straight f's
i played it so much, and then hats took over
this game is a peice of ugly...it would be funny if the guy that made this got in a car crash..lol that would be funny
it is a game untilizing an old engine but still crashes mid game. such a shame.
one average game..but not recommended for someone who expects "more"...pretty much in multiplayer,all you do is go up to the opponent/melee him until down/shoot him to death.to me this game is kind of "broken".if you still want to download this game,go right ahead,nobody's stopping you.
unfortunately its the little things that make this a bad game, ill thought out design decisions, badly placed buttons, overly sensitive controls and voice acting that is just painful.it's a poor mans freelancer, and considering how old that game is, that's saying something.
the main character ruined my experience, the story was not that good as well. i suggest blood dragon instead.
horrible horrible game do not buy
warner bros. montreal realy didn't know what they were doing here, it's a cheap arkham city clone with a batman licence, the gamer in me was disapointed, batman fan in me was in denial for a few months, if you don't have this game yet then you don't need it, wait for arkham knight were rocksteady will return.
this game is god awful. do not play this. when you first log in you have you create an account like most free to plays. once you finally get past the log in screen you have to deal with the terrible automated resoultion which by the way when you first launch the game you can't change because of the f**king useless tutorial, so if you have an adverage monitor like me you can't see the full screen until you manage to click away the tutorials, get into the menu and change the resoultion. whats even more annoying is that you can't change the aspect ratio. personally i play games at 4:3 because it reduces lag and feels like it reduces input lag. whats even more terrible is that once you get into the game, even with maxed out sensitivity its still horribly low so its incredibly hard to aim. i wasn't able to get into a proper match as apparently there were net works issues. but from what i've managed to strangle out of this game the gameplay seems to be s**t. 3/10 for what i managed to play.
youtuber bait/10
is it worth $9.99, no, i enjoyed the first couple of hours discovering places but it lacks overall replay value. headbutting random objects can get boring. if you really want this game buy it on sale, you'll thank me later.
is it worth $9.99, no, i enjoyed the first couple of hours discovering places but it lacks overall replay value. headbutting random objects can get boring. if you really want this game buy it on sale, you'll thank me later.
just don't play this game. it's hard to get new weapons nd its hard to kill anyone. i always got into matches with op enemies with 4 sniper rifles or a couple of rocket launchers and i would be destroyed in a second! the worst part is, by the time i killed a robot (which i never did) it would have gone to the parts shop, upgraded itself then gone the the toilet and to the cafe and eat a 5 course meal and blow my head off with one shot.this game is too hard on the new players and it is almost impossible to match the op players in the lobby because as you rank up they do aswell.1/10. terrible
good, fun game in the bioshock series. i feel, however, it does not live up to the franchise name, the story is not innovative at all; find the girl, shoot bad guys, win. the gameplay is very repetitive and the story feels like it is purposely dragged out for too long. visuals are very nice indeed, but the story was not interesting at all. only buy the game if you want a short "gallery shooter", with a mildly interesting plot and boring characters. sadly i cannot recommed this game, i want too, but when a singleplayer game cannot form an interesting plot, it falls at its core and everything else falls with it.
this honestly is one of the worst games on steam, i hate it, the controls are all glitchy, it crashes a lot, can't believe i wasted $30 on this crap. want my money back
help me i buy it on steam but he just wont let me play when i click play he pop out a error (steamapi_init0) fail i dont know what to do i even reinstall but nothing hapen
if you have a few hours to waste and $1 to spare, its ok. if it wasn't so cheap i'd say its a waste of time, sell some cards and buy this is you absolutely have to, otherwise don't bother.
hut simulator 2013
trackmania makes it's way to consoles, expanding it's borders and supposedly bringing many new players to the game. but it seems that nadeo has forgotten about it's pc players. there isn't basic stuff like control remapping and proper graphics settings. there also aren't customisable skins or dedicated servers. the new art style is cool but after playing a little while i've noticed tracks that are identical to previous games.really disappointing.
it is unfair it gives you a mission where you can not compleate as a bigginer
turns out there's a game breaking bug at the 2nd dungeon (drenchfort) whereby the blue ball is missing and you can't get in. that's it, end of story. restarting and reloading doesn't fix the issue. people have been complaining about it since forever and the developers haven't even deigned to respond. don't buy this game, and if this is reflective of how the developers take responsibility for their product, then i suggest don't buy any game from this developer at all.
liverpool ได้แชมป์ dayz จะหลุดจาก early access
the game is unplayable laggy. i might have potential in the future. but for right now dont bother with it.
i contracted several s.t.d's from looking, downloading (forgive me mom) and playing. :|
in its current state, i can't recommend this game. i can play bf4 at ultra getting 50-60 fps, but this game is unplayable with everything on low. yes, i am impacted by the amd glitches, and yes, i updated to beta drivers, it doesnt work. i can't even get past the first level because of how laggy it is. i dont care about nvidia waveworks, and hairworks, and gameworks, whatever. the game should work just as well on all systems, and its like avalanche completely forgot amd existed. the "quality assurance" manager is a bit of a joke considering how unplayable this game is. do not buy it until it is fixed.
when i tried to have the game windowed, it just stopped working from then on
i see a game thats looks awesome but i dont like the graphics
a really fun game. but too many dlc. i'll give it. 7/10edit : welp nevermind about that 7/10 thingy.... but really overkill... skins f**king skins. i'd rather play cs:go or tf2 rather than this ill give it 2/10
this game is ♥♥♥♥ -10/10
hmmmmmm waited so long for the 3rd in the arkham series(prequel) and did it live up to its expections...... i absolutley hate to say this but absolutley not. it is so repeditive it isnt fun. online is alright woudlnt player it again i dont think. combat is great thoug. so !@#$ you warners brothers for wrecking this franchise 5/10 lets hope batman arkham knight is better since it is the final 1
it starts off good but soon becomes an under rated shooter. so mutch mindless action that it becomes boring and a 'twist' ending that is not cleverly wrtitten as it was in the first game, but rather apears without mutch to back it. recreating facts at the end of the game do not count as good writing.
buggy lagfest. worse port than gta iv, dark souls etc. avoid.edit: upgraded to core i5 and 7870, still drops to 10fps at times on lowest settings below 720p.
after the download stopped at 19gb and started again from 0%, i finally got to launch the game and was greeted with poor performance (drops to single digit fps on a 970), hud glitches, and got teleported across the city in my first fist fight as well as mukltiple audio droppouts to complete silance.it's simply worse than i expected, and i wasn't expecting much from all i've seen and heard about the game.i got the game with my 970, what a great way to showcase your gpu's nvidia!
bioshock was way better, this one keeps crashing all the time and i lost all my save files after half way through the game. :|
what the f*&# is this game , this is the worst game ever , please beware worst game ever , you will get very bored and no refunds , i am saving your life
shockingly bad
i just wish people wouldn't do this asset flip stuff. rest in peace originality.there's actually potential for a decent game here, if the gamemodes were a bit more varied rather than all the same thing, and the assets didn't cost $29.50 it could actually be a calming, fun flight sim. but alas, every gamemode is the same and the game was designed by somebody else...
10/10 would never play again!
i never got into any mortal kombat games before and i decided this would be the one. of the 5 or so hours i played i thoroughly enjoyed it and was looking forward to putting many hours into it. i was especially excited to hear about kp2 and the ggpo netcode fix coming only to discover today directly from nrs' mouth that they are dropping support for pc. if this decision was based on wb's perceived notion that they wouldn't make a profit off the pc player base currently the irony is that fixing the netcode i'm sure would have brought back many players who in turn may have bought kp2 and any future dlc. i'm glad i only paid $15 for the game and that they didn't get any of that money. i will not buy any of wb or nrs games again. vote with your wallet if you don't want this to happen again to the pc community.edit: the more i play mkx the more i love it but i wonder if continually playing it and building my skills is worth it in a game that for a lack of a better metaphor, has effectively had it's throat cut and is slowly bleeding to death.
great game, ♥♥♥♥ microtransactions.(although we all know microtransactions are ♥♥♥♥. no need for me to add a redundant adjective there, but i did.)
pretty fun for a couple of thousand hours, but meet your match is pretty penisy. plus overwatch has tracer's ♥♥♥ which is nice so yeah ♥♥♥♥ tf2
ubisoft, don't try and make an f2p game again...
it had potential, shame it was ruined by awful developers.
the game itself is an excellent fighter, however, my friends and i often experience unstable connection, especially in ranked matches.
3 machine activation limit this is how it went for me:1. install on pc2. install on laptop (uninstalled a little later due to space)3. changed graphics card and had to reinstall4. did a reboot of pc a few weeks later, bam can't play need to buy againhorrible drm (my first time starting the game took about 3 hours of trouble shooting just to find away around around the drm)the game is good, but dear god save yourself the trouble and don't buy this
a 30mb facebook/mobile type game, you can spend thousands of dollars to build a line of 5 identical low quality houses, years of your life waiting out the timers, or you can buy a $5 full game with no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices, and doesn't play on people with addiction issues(also if thats not enough, first thing you will be greeted with upon startup will be a music-less main screen asking you to sign up to thier service and sign a user agreement, and if you sit on that screen for more than a minute, a background process that runs with the game will likley crash)
"is this game as good as it should be?"1) "no" - nope2) "yes" - nope3) "what game?" - nope4) "sarcastic" - this is everything that we you have come to expect from fallout games from the 1st all the way to now, and totally hasn't dumbed itself down to pander to consoles and a more casual player base...(aka nope)i have put in about 300 hours (alot of that was the game running in the background whilst i waited for it to load and getting distracted, or trying to build a decent settlement with the restrictions forced on you), so how can i dislike it, its a good(ish) game, a bad fallout game...fallout 4 has all the hallmarks of an rpg—quests, experience points, towns, trading, companions—but it’s all pretty superficial. it’s like a tribute act to an rpg: fine at first glance, but look a little closer and you realise that ‘elvis’ is actually a guy in a cheap wig.the quests are just as bad. after 300 hours of play, i can think of literally one or two that offered me the option to avoid, charm, or otherwise think my way out of combat. (and that is being generous) -this game is par, if steam has neutral ratings that's what this would be-this is a console game, which happens to be on pc as well...-you will still like it if you get it on pc, but you will like it a lot more on console...-you want a good rpg buy the witcher 3, you want a adventure fps buy just cause 3...or this (think boarderlands lots of shooting...very little story and dialog, or character development)-enjoy your cultural vandalism-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------quotes from the creators of fallout 1, 2 & new vagas, from an interview days before release...-interplay founder brian fargo: “one of the edicts from the original fallout was that you could solve every problem either by brute force, by trying to charm them or by trying to sneak your way around,” he tells us. “so, to take those three options and apply them to every possible scenario, i think that was a core tenet from a design perspective of what fallout was supposed to be.” one example was that even the final encounter with the master in fallout could be talked out. =&=  “one of the things that i like is that they do a really good job with taking ideas that would normally be mundane and giving them a lot of personality,” -feargus urquhart, obsidian ceo: "i think people play role-playing games for the story and characters" =&=  “it was always our intention – and we do this in all of our games, but in fallout we did it even more – to have interesting characters that make sense and have interesting motivations, that people can relate to. and it seems that particularly in fallout: new vegas people really see people like mr. house as these real entities and not just figments of our imagination.”-co-founder of obsidian & author of the fallout bible chris avellone:  “quest and exploration freedom that, at the least, can be accomplished by a stealthy, combat, and “talky” character. often, many more options are presented.”---------------------------------------------------------------------------------summary:it's still worth the money and it is a good game for what it is: an adventure fps. this review would be positive if they'd just remove fallout from the title. as they won't i will judge it as a fallout game, in which case it is a disappointment.fallout was all about meaningful character development, fun interactive conversations and varied interesting quests, this game has none of these.
this game is pretty addictive...which in this case is a bad thing, if you have ever played a facebook game or mmo long past the stage of enjoyment avoid this...it's just a cookie clicker...a very addictive cookie clicker...
$50 (for australia, although we pay in usd on steam) is a bit much for what you get.all up priced separately as:1st "automatron" - $102nd "wasteland workshop" - $53rd "far harbour" - $25season pass - $50$10 + $5 + $25 ...$40, so until a future dlc is announced you may want to hold off on buying this (there is at least one more, i am lead to believe, although it would need to be over $10 to make the pass a good deal)========================================================first one "automatron", adds craftable robots, which is pretty cool, and a small two/ three hour long mission (and two well crafted "levels" to explore) - as far as dlc goes not bad.second one "wasteland workshop", adds some content for base building, if you use mods your not going to be seeing particularly anything new really, does add some (bugy) cages so you can spawn monsters to fight aginst each other (but again before this people where doing this already with console commands, would not have been long before someone made a mod that was doing pretty much what this already does) - not really worth it by itself.third one not out yet "far harbour" promises to be a large map expansion (aka new world, if you have played skyrim, think like the dragonborn dlc) - may be a good dlc, but cannot say as of yet.
ignore the screen shots make the game look better than it isbadly made game, could have been good, isn't
dont play this terrible game!
horrendous game. avoid like the plague.
day 3 of the release here in australia: still cannot log into uplay in order to play the game. even if i do manage to login the constant frame-rate drop, poor driving controls (like dodge-em cars) and relatively bland side missions makes this game look worse than gta iv and saints row 4.do not buy this game until ubisoft addresses a lot of these issues.i7 3770 3.0ghzgtx 67016gb ramstuttering and framerate drop from 80 to 18.
here is my experience of the game.i start the game up, once i get to the main menu i see select character and head there immediately, fight with the strage controls of the game due to it thinking i have an xbox controller plugged in, once i was done looking at the 4 selectable characters, of which the choice seems to be entirely cosmetic or they just dont tell you what each character does, i looked for the options menu, which i couldnt find. i decided to just join a match, 2 games where running, each playing the lobby gamemode, with 1 player each and -1 ping, my game froze for an odd minute or so then when i tried to join one of these games i was greeted by a black screen, five minutes later and still nothing, i closed the game and gave it another shot and nothing changed. and third time is not the charm, tried hosting a game and this time i was left to some lovely art and nothing more.this is not a game that should be purchasable, i personally got it in a humble bundle so i'm not too upset, but this game is just nothing, im sure maybe the combat is fairly redeeming, but the game is t incomplete to let you access the combat, and indie multiplayer only games are always a terrible investment and never relaly a good buy, because there is never anybody palying which will make the game unplayable, literally unplayable
i\'ve gotten better gains with an ab-circle pro
at least its not advanced warfare
i find it impossible to improve at this game in any way.
10 years after launch they release an update which removes features. plus, my 180 hours of game time got reset.
wow ozzies cant join
do not buy this game.valve is doing nothing for this game. all they are doing are adding new skins so you can waste your money on more useless crap. the ranking system is crap, because it is nearly impossible to rank up and if you lose just one game you go down a rank.go and play another game, just not bloody cs go.
ignore the awards this has won ignore the fact that it is named dayz ignore all of that and we will look at the real problem here. i got this game of release day and was really excited. me and a mate played it for hours togerther and on the first day we starved to death on the next day we got fully geared in what you could get on day 2 which wasnt alot really but it was enough. the game then got a big update i guess you can call it that and the game started getting alot more stuff and we were like well this is looking ok but as my mate pointed out this game was already being pushed back and back in development.so we kept playing a few more updates came still no cars or anything guns came very slowly still gearing 100% to easy and server jumping was a problem but hey what can you do. follow a my pc releaving itself of its ability to work i stopped playing dayz. it took me awhile to return to it but when i returned i found that the gun pile has increased. drop rates for each modorate if you knew where to look and ammo ♥♥♥♥ing ammo i swear. if you are god damn luck enough to get the right gun with the right ammo often to not you then need a god damn clip and the game didnt/doesnt have auto reload on empty clip either. also as iv been wrighting this i realsed i forgot to mention the zombies at all they are bugged pieces of ♥♥♥♥ sometimes unstoppable and they went through walls and floors and were hard to kill.then we get to last time i played it. it crashed my new pc and i glitched in to a rock and got stuck in there. i found many guns but never the right ammo and if i did i would be missing the clip because it never drops still no auto reload. but now we have a truck which iv never seen in the game.im sad to say i cant recommend this game i had alot of fun playing with my mate but by yourself you wont find it fun with all the shoot on site and horrible ammo to guns. also the ♥♥♥♥ing ammo or gun doesnt tell you what it goes in so you have to guess.dont buy this game pick something else. iv rejoined the dayz mod life. also im done giving this game a free ride because it s an alpha so ♥♥♥♥ing what.
i play this for may hours. many many hours through there opener not steam and well it got worse as i played i loved this game sunk hours of my life in to it but in the end quit from disappointment the game population has dissappered as well.i could go well in to depth about why im dissapointed but it would be very very long
i started playing this and things seemed to be going ok but i got to the first door after the pad locked one in chapter 1 and the game crashed. iv read around alittle and alot of other people have this problem the game needs a patch to fix it but it is unlikely it will get one.i have no problems with this game other then not being able to play it past the begining.
wasn't able to go to auschwitz
an amazingly well crafted game with with such a good well written story and after over 6 hours of gameplay later a get a bad ending? ♥♥♥♥you!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥uckingpieceofnogood♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!
my hand got stuck in a ribcage i spent the next 20 min waving my mouse to try get it out shortly after i smash the ribcage i spend another 30 min waving my mouse around to try disloge a organ that simply won't come out no matter how hard i try ♥♥♥♥ this game, testing my paitence on purpose wasn't fun at all.
huge ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time. i waited ovenight for this to dowload only to be ♥♥♥♥ed over by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patcher that makes the game impossible to play. i turned to the forums and tried everything to get this peice of ♥♥♥♥ working but to no avail. my download speed varied from ~1100 mbps (yes, megabytes, i live in australia so i dont even know how the ♥♥♥♥ this is possible) to negative (yes, negative) 10 mbps. its a real shame because im sure this is a fantastic game but it will remain unplayable until the patcher is fixed. 2 hours of trying to get this ♥♥♥♥ to work and 0 seconds of gameplay. i am extremley unimpressed with this service. i will fight for my refund.
welcome to counter strike global offensive, where aim detection doesn't work and bullets fly off the screen before you even shoot your second round.
gameplay is as limp as my ♥♥♥♥, 3/10
probably wont get my life back...
full of idiots and potato brains
give me back my money
it's a really bad sign when the only positive metacritic user-review was written by the developer.this game is $10 more expensive than roller coaster tycoon 3 and offers non of the content. you're better off just watching the trailer, because that's all you really get. the gameplay itself is rather poor and confusing, with no way to predict how visitors will respond to price changes except for a message box that is the info-box equivalent of a broken compass.they only included enough content in this game to fill up the promotional material. this so called "game" serves no purpose other than to legally steal your hard earned money. do not let this game rob you!
nice to have, but you could easily go without it. i haven't really noticed any real difference between vanilla areas and the areas added in the expansion, honestly. only get this if you haven't got the game yet, and can afford the gold version, or if you want to complete your game and it comes on sale.tl;drwhy you should get this = it adds the capital of poland (warsaw) and hungary to the gamewhy you should not get this = doesn't change the gameplay at all, as far as i can tell, and there is a lot of eastern europe that is still missing.
minimum requirements are bull ♥♥♥♥!i downloaded this game thinking my computer could easily run this game at minimum settings and it runs like a dog (and still looks like a pile of steaming dog ♥♥♥♥ anyway). if the "minimum requirements" are anything to go by, they tried to make the game runneable on older machines but it fails utterly thanks to horrible optimisation.
like most people i love the bioshock franchise but this isnt a remaster all it is the next leavel in grafic setting eg very high its still bioshock buts as others have said old bugs havent being fixed and new ones added an example of this is i can not run the game in fullscrean with out seeing a black screan also  my screan reasoltion choice are numbered the game will be fun once bugs are fixed but as a remaster all it will ever be is the normal bioshock on a slightly higher graphics setting
not enough rain, not accurate london.
before i go right into my rant i love the single player to pieces. i completed the game, fell in love with the characters and spent ages going all across los santos. the sp aspect is 9/10 without a doubt. world feels alive and exactly how remember los angeles when i went there in 2013, especially venice beach! now, onto online. one word - cancer. hackers fill all the lobbies and constantly kill innocent players and have every item without any effort at all. rockstar is ♥♥♥♥ing hopeless. money bags get dropped on people (happened to me three times, each time rockstar banning me for some reason???!!??? ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!) everytime i have sent in a support ticket, getting replied by a bot one second after posting. nothing happened. i'm banned until 2035 for people dropping money on me! (rage twelvey mode) ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar! it happened to my friend too. at least i don't have to go online to deal with ♥♥♥♥ing cancerous hackers anymore. single player is one of the best games ever made, online is on the other side of the spectrum. don't go online unless you want to rage. ps, avoid the money bags like they are ebola. cause when i went online and got banned which was late last year if you touched one and you would be banned. hackers still plague online i bet. they always find a way to use their ♥♥♥♥ tactics to ruin the game for everyone.
now this is a good game, nice graphics, decent maps but to be honest it gets annoying when snipers insta-kill you from across the map, and then when you find a game without any snipers it just gets boring after a while. yes i know i only have 1.8 hours in total and yes i am still a rookie but it just gets old, the matchs go for a while and after a few minutes it just gets boring. there isn't a lot of maps either so you will end up playing the same map over and over again. also there are not heaps of tank parts so you don't get heaps of variety, sure there are quite a few but not heaps. also when you first start out you'll end up with some lame tank which will easily get destroyed. after a match you get points, with these points you buy diffrent tank parts, but after a match you don't get many points, and, like i said it gets boring after a while.any way like i said im still a rookie to and this is just my personal opinion, but the game is free so you can give it a shot and who knows, maybe you might like it.
this is a game i cant play.i do not joke. there is only 10 servers. 1/10 servers is australian. i am australian. on every other server i have 400 ping. on the australian server i have 150 ping and other people on the australian server have 400 ping. 10/10 would get ping then not even be able to play the game again
boring
this game gave me suicidal thoughts.worst game i have ever played.don't waste your time or money on this.
i mean, it's o.k. i'm not exactly one to write an essay about games. so. if you like this game, don't get it, get a different game. i have it in my library, i think it's called "emergency 20xx (it gave me multiple versions" and there's another one, get these instead. at least in those games. the ambulances return after taking patients to the hospital, this allows you to avoid calling 10000 ambulances when you don't need them. they have all the same units. you may even think they are identical (part of the reason i got the game), but the other games are pretty much just a more polished version of this game.
you are bob.you are brilliant.11/10x10
played alot offline.this is a simple hack n slash game like diablo. the main attraction for me to get this was how much i love diablo and path of exile. the best part is that it has local multiplayer! but ya know what? the game still sucks.if you want a good hack n slahs, try diablo and path of exile. and if you wnat local multiplayer try guantlet.this game is simple bland and simple and not at all entertaining about 3 hours in.overall 4/10 - it tried and failed pretty hard but the parts taht work, work well.
need for speed is a shadow of its former self. if you are looking for a fun, stable, customizable, open-world and value for money racing game then look elsewhere.
very repetitive with no content apart from grinding for materials
avoid this game at all costs! this bug-filled game has bad gameplay, hacker community, bad customer support, few international servers and lots of glitchs. 2/10
this game is a waste of your money. this is what you would get if someone made a poorly made version of a total war game. there are also no multiplayer features other than a playing with a friend over a lan network. i thought it was really disappointing. i give it 2.5/10.
fun but irritating at times.there are many moments in this game that can be very easily classified as "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t" and "that wasn't even my fault what the fu-" for example, burn damage can rack up very easily and obliterate your level 71 character because all the enemies in molten crag give you a bajillion burn and the damage increases the more burn you have and the anti-burn does jack-all because it's too slow aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-this game also gives you no tutorial. the closest thing to a tutorial is a single npc who gives you about 5 lines of text. i can't quite recommend this. it's good fun and all, but the balancing is pretty off, the difficulty randomly spikes for no reason and some parts of the game seem unfinished (for example, there aren't any tier 4 weapons.) still gotta appreciate that this is all by one guy though.
it ♥♥♥♥♥ blows majoe ♥♥♥♥♥ so unoptimized im not even going to bother reviewing anymore beucase if u cant optimize a game the rest isnt worth playing, am i right? i got a refund instantly which also was a bad signing meaning thier customer support was busy dishing out refunds not even asking why the game was bad lmaoo fk these college intern ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥ u all
no i dont recommend until its on sale, the characteres are boring, game is boring, i know dramas like game of thrones take time to build up its characteres and settings but honstly, i found myself forced to play this game jsut because i love the show that much. what i hate most about telltale is that they take forever to dish out episodes ( 1 episode = roughly 46min -hr..there are 5 episodes..) srsly like every 2-3 months a new hour of play is ready ..camon and its not like the graphics are high detail anyway, any potato computer can run then again we are in 2015! telltale is srsly becoming one of my top hated companies becasue, thers no effort in visuals, characters, they milk any franchise they come across.. they are the ea of 'choose your own adventures' so to speak. sorry if this is unreadable i was drunk when i wrote this. overall telltales sucks and need to get it together, some solutions can be to make the episodes longer and more choices the players can make, dont make a game where the gamer just wathces everything if i want to watch ill go to netflix. i am very very dissapointed and would be embarrased to work at telltale - rant over
its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ garbage i hated every moment of it
i would hold off from buying this game, at least until its cheaper. horrible ping issues atm, havent played a game under 300 ping. needs an urgent server fix before i start playing again.
completly useless and overhyped. only buy for 30 minute gameplay. 4/10
i hate this game. it ruined my life. i spent all my money on it and now i have no life. i live in the homeless centre. this is a warning to all who are looking to get this game dont buy
its an ok play but nothing special.
no
massive loading times and unbelievable lag. need to pay a large amount in microtransactions just to play regularly.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
don't get this game, there are better ones out there that are the same, that are more polished and have better controls and stuff to do.
after playing through the chain of starter missions and a few other missions of various types, i can't really find any compelling reasons to recommend this game.  it's very much a bland and by-the-numbers effort of shoehorning the dead island series into the inanely grindy free-to-play model that most people are getting sick of these days.the theme is so utterly detached from the mechanics that the game could be about anything.  you do repetitive missions to slowly grind resources and xp so you can build better equipment to keep grinding resources and xp at a higher difficulty.  to emphasise how detached the game's mechanics are from the franchise and theme:the missions see you fighting your way through interesting looking locales littered with all sorts of weapons and items that could be used as such... which are all entirely uninteractive.  as is everything else in the environment other than the zombies.instead, you do some arbitrary task to gather resource cubes which you return to the start of the level, and after the mission you are rewarded with crafting materials such as duct tape and clothto use for blueprints.you can tell how little thought or imagination has gone into a game when you are forced to walk past assault rifles and rocket launchers to pick up cubes, so that you can craft a plank with nails in it out of duct tape and cloth.  i wish i was exagerrating, but that is literally what you do.there's a "crossroads" mission system for pve where you get 3 randomly selected tasks each time, but within about 3 of these missions you've seen pretty much all there is to see.  none of it is particularly interesting - go there.  kill that.  go there.  defend that.  go there.  pick stuff up.the combat / gameplay itself is... passable.  nothing particularly interesting or imaginative, and if you're playing with high ping due to not being in na or eu it feels very slow and unresponsive.there doesn't really seem to be any endgame, or even any meaningful progression - just another grinding treadmill.  a game full of arbitrary limitations and restraints designed to find the lucritive balance between addicting you enough to keep playing and irritating you enough to cough up some dollars.dull, uninspired, entirely devoid of any originality or charm.
personally the game is good but the cooldown sucks ♥♥♥ , the maker of the game had to be a little stupid to give the cooldowns, + i've handn't had a cooldown for 2 months and i got a 7 day cooldown its so anoyyinh please if u can stop this bullcrap
too many bugs, sound bugs, texture bugs. the tutorial is long and hard to follow and gameplay mechanics are slow and confusing. movement in general is just clunky. it's essentially a worse space engineers with planets. granted i haven't played much but whenever i launch the game i get this horrible static noise that gives me headaches. i think that this game shows potential but i wouldn't recommend buying it now.
tl;dr: the game is boring, and multiplayer is buggy but it looks nice.this game has some serious issues, both technical and design oriented. after playing trine 2 with friends and loving it, we decided to try out trine 3. i got a bad feeling as soon as i learned there was no skill system, and from there the game got worse. in the first mission, we experienced a bug where only the host could see the animation of a puzzle, making me and my other friend useless in it. (un)fortunately, it seems that all 3 characters now can do essentially the same things, making the puzzle possible even though only one person could interact with it. the addition of a third dimension (while adding depth to gameplay in some ways) mostly just made the controls a mess.the only positive thing i can say about this game is that if you liked the trine series for the aesthetic, you will enjoy this game as it improves upon the graphics of the previous installments. however, if you liked trine for the mayhem and fun that came from playing with your friends, it probably isn't worth a buy.i know that i only have around an hour of this game on record, and i think that that's an important thing to note when reading this review.maybe i judged this game too quickly, but i'm not going to waste anymore time on a buggy, mechanicly void platformer.
just no *♥♥♥♥ gameplay * full of hackers less then 7 people are online just fuc* no
dont buy this. i bought it but i cant play it i have waited almost 2 weeks still cant play it
i got hundreds of hours on this, then overkill decided to add microtransactions on top of their $100 worth of dlc. you have a chance of getting skin that adds stat boosts to push your guns past break points by opening one of their safes, or you can pay extra on the market for these pay to win skins. it's really disappointing what happened to this game.
trash. the games repetitive levels, lack of checkpoints and 'twitch' platforming combine to create system that punishes you severely for dying even once, and just gets worse and worse from there. an exercise in extreme tedium masked by the pretty aesthetics and retro vibe. i've never lost interest in a game faster.
it is good, until you look at the gameplay, motion blur (which most gamers turn off) has no option to turn off and motion blurs a lot more then real life, and  also the modes have no explanation other then explore mode which describes itself
was a good game, until ranking system ♥♥♥♥ed me over
the gunplay is very skillful... 1% of the time. every time i have an encounter i get shot in the back, and because of how much damage a single hit does in this game, i usually die, if not i die a few seconds later while trying to fend off two enemies.
tl;dr last paragraphfor a second lets forget about the: awful optimisation game straight up not working on some computers the developers lyingif you want to more about these issues be sure to take a look at other reviews and look online, there will be plenty of people complaining about it (and rightfully so).this review will be reviewing the actual gameplay and what you will be getting when you buy this game if it works.no man's sky is a pretty controversial game gameplay wise, mainly because it fits a niche group of players (which i would consider myself among that group). on one end of the spectrum you see people saying the game gets boring after two hours, and on the other you see people praising it for it's endless entertainment, why is that?well the fun from nms comes from the exploration more than the gameplay itself. if your looking for strategic and engaging combat this game isn't for you, on foot the combat is more of a level test than actual combat, space combat on the other hand is a bit different, it sometimes it feels like a dog fight, others it feels like seal clubbing. also this might just be me used to the elite dangerous piloting controls but i feel like the lack of vertical thrusters contributes to the lack of depth in space combat.exploration and adventure is were this game truly shines. structures and interesting becons to explore are rather dense on the planets which gives plenty to explore, not only that but there are randomly generated caves you can find on some planets which are rich with resources and materials. each planet is unique in it's own way either with different colour grass, sky, water, different creatures and unique terrain generation.now everything you just read probably makes the game sound pretty bad, but i'm having a absolute blast playing this game currently, finding a planet that no-one else has ever come across, naming the flora and fauna and claming the planet as my own feels great. i feel like future columbus except i only come across phallic looking creatures and name them some variation of bigdik because i'm a mature adult.all that being said i honestly don't think i can reccommend this game, i've heard the phrase "vast as an ocean, shallow as a puddle" applied here but that does not feel right to me. that still being said i dont think there is enough exploration content to justify the 60$ price tag. this should have never been released as a aaa game, i wish they went the elite: dangerous route and slowly update the game as they go on, or add official modding support so people can do it themselves.
lume has a novel appearance and a mildly devious twist on the usual sorts of puzzles in games like these. that said, it's really only very mildly devious - ooh, the compass is twisted 45 degrees and north isn't up, oh so tricky! - and i completed the game in half an hour... oh yes, it's very short. for the $7 i paid for it, i'm incredibly disappointed. don't bother.
so painfully dull.
well, this game has been something for me...i played this game pretty often and is considered one of the games i really enjoyed playing for a long amount of timethe gameplay is simple, play, grind, play with friends, grind, get better gear, go to auction and grind for more. it may sound really boring, but the gameplay experience with friends is enough to satisfy your whole day.why give this a no for a reccomendation? it's because the game's dead. very few updates, very few online players also since the head developer left and sega not really supporting this game to its full potential, the game became too repetitive with no new contents now and then.it's still shiny, it looks good but the game experience is all gone. definitely if you want to try it out go ahead, but it'll be a rough time for you to enjoy the game longer since not many people are active in the game
its fun just not very exciting and not what i want to spend my money on. but i can see how people would enjoy it.
hello there, oh your new ok well you can click the play button and join a lobby full of 5 year veterans that don't speak english, cool isn't it? tell all your friends and force them to play this pay 2 win game! with the most f*#ked up controls and unfair matchmaking. but there's more join today and get an increased, yep increased price on all real cash items. so join today!
fast paced game. maps are pretty small. you can basically cross map kill some one with a pistol. the hitmarkers are massive, as in covering the screen. i got killed because the hitmakers are massive it covered the enemy.pay to win filth! play like planetside 2 or cs:go, even minecraft is better better than this filth. you will pay about $20 in total just buying essentials. don't get this filthy game!
what ever you do don't get this game! if you have seen the trailer it's fake! they got a pro player playing it (maybe even a developer). the hitboxes are a a massive lie! go get cs:go instead heaps better game.browsing the steam store looking for a good game.i stumbled across a game call warmode i take a look at it, downloaded it because it only took 5 mins.i ask lord gaben if this game comes in good, he only said sorry this game only comes in: can't launch game without crashing, 300 ping on every server (mainly because i live in australia), can't access the main menu, can't access the options or faulty hitboxes.so basically the game comes in bad or really bad right?yeah pretty much, go play cs:go instead of this filth!
i thought this game was like rift and other similar games. but no, when you start out you do an easy tutorial. then everyone one hit kills the crap out of you
lixo, totalmente lixo, simulador de travamento e lag.
i want to play in austrialia, but im forced to connect to na servers which give me 170-something ping.they should make anyone can make any weapon for free, because now its just discouraging for people who have just started. imagine if csgo or tf2 required you to upgrade your awp to make it a dakdak, or have a rocketlauncher that did far more damage than any other because you had played the game longer.ontop of the fact that a fully upgraded sniper rifle takes ages to kill and is super ♥♥♥♥.but that kinda makes my main point irrelevant.whatever.this game is free, so its not like your gunna have to make some sort of investment but i wouldnt reccommend.4/10
my grandfather used to always smoke. he smoked his whole life. my dad said, "listen here boi, if u keep smoking u aint gunna see yo grandkids". he stopped, but 420 hours later he got cancer. i will never smoke because i dont want lung cancer, but i knda regret it because this game gave me ♥♥♥♥ing ballsack cancer anyways.
really good shooter, however the lack of oceanic support makes the game nearly unplayable in the competitive modes forcing you to play the co-op mode giving you a half hearted experience.
this game is very similar to terraria and minecraft, except that it costs $10.
cancer
this game sucks i payed for it about a year ago and now for some resone its a demo
with the recent patches made to this game tier 4 is being crushed due to tanks that they can do nothing against. that is no the worst part, anyone who says anything on it about the forums is having their thread locked. do not play this game you are encouraging the developers to do crazy things like this, or if you do play it stay away from any battle rating in tank battles higher than 5.0, it is ruled by tanks you are nothing but cannon fodder to. as i said the devs are silencing anyone who voices a negative opinion on this topic. they also do not listen to the community as planes have been asked to be taken out of tank battles ever since they were implemented and gaijin have firmly stated they are staying
i have played it for a bit, gotta say, i have seen better things come from beiber's rear. this game is rubbish, it is by far the definition of pay 2 win. oh whats this? you wanna snipe? moneymoneymoney. oh whats this you want a better tank so yours doesn't get obliterated? moneymoneymoney. i get it's beta but can i just say i have seen better alphas and trust me, unless you are okay with getting it handed to you by people with either a) no life or b) a loose credit card. seriously you need to a) lose your life to get better gear or b) a loose credit card, also not to mention the invincible tanks, if you are infantry good luck with that nades are useless and fidly and a rocket is about as hard to get as a drink of water in the sahara. oh and when you do finally get one, good luck, you'll need it it is about as effective as a knife in a gunfight, only the guy holding the gun has alot of  armor and the gun is the size of a cannon, oh yeah, not to mention i have seen faster loading times and matchmaking times from less popular games
i want to recomend this game but i cannot due to the very poor connection around certain times. most aspects of this game are great, the only issue is the tutorial isn't so great and when you finish it you will find yourself quite overwhelmed. it jumps you straight from learning how to fish to going to the hardest world in the game that requires an item to get to which is insanely hard to make. overall while i like this game and most of it's aspects i have had a more experienced player guide me through how to do stuff and what everything does however most people will not likely have someone to help them. if i recomended the game all you would end up doing is spending alot of your time confused and using google. there is also the connection issues as well as a whole bunch of other issues like crashing and whatnot.
terrible game, though this is based solely on the fact that it has dayz syndrome in that if people see you, people kill you. so not bad game, bad community
i'm going to start off by saying, yes, it is a good game however it has some issues.for one, for some people, you have to disable upnp which can affect stuff in your house and some people may not have the option to access their modem settings rendering the game completely unplayable thanks to a bug that has been in the game since launch. it also has random crashing, infinite loading screen and sometimes performance issues. the playerbase itself isn't the greatest, you get the teams that kill you because you are not doing something the way they want it or the people who tear down your barriers only to put up their own. because of these issues i cannot recomend the game as it is uncertain if you will even be able to play it.
it sucks balls on steam
its ♥♥♥♥
i cant ♥♥♥♥ing load in
why so evil 2: dystopia adds a few new mechanics from the first game, but overall makes the game so much less rewarding, and more frustrating. one of these new mechanics is changing the colour of your cube to the colour of the corresponding platform you are trying to move onto. sure this isn't a bad idea, but combined with horrid, unresponsive controls, and this game is truly flawed. when you have to be super ninja fast about changing the colour of the cube to the platforms or they fall, the game fails to respond in time, horrible. the levels themselves are usually uninventive and ugly, and the soundtrack is the last thing they need. especially the "shutdown initiated" every time you fall, wtf? sure this game is challenging, but the overall game is just executed so badly that this challenge is not worth it. if its on sale and you want a game you'll play for 15 minutes before you ragequit, then sure. otherwise, 5 bucks cannot be justified with what this game delivers, stay the hell away.
why so evil is a puzzle game that claims to be very, very, very hard. in this game there are no checkpoints, no saving, and no fun. the controls aren't the worst but can be blisteringly frustrating on some levels. the aim is to navigate a cube thing through fifty uninventive levels to get to the other cube thing. some levels have some pretty cool ideas. but most are just really frustrating, or really dumb. this game is alright for the dirt sale price, but otherwise stay the hell away. after half an hour of playing this, the uninstall was well worth it.
don't get me wrong. i am the biggest dark souls fan you will arguably meet. it is my favourite game series of all time and i was undescribably hyped for this game. as of now, i cannot recommend it. although my pc isn't the best, i get a decent amount of frames which do make the game playable but that would make it a positive review, right? the game is bugged. it is in a bad, unstable state and needs to be patched. currently, i cannot attack enemies and they cannot attack me. i can walk through them as if they were not there. i really hoped this wouldn't continue, but i cannot progress through the game. many of my friends with good pc's also complained about the extremely long start-up times and fps issues. however, from my point of view i cannot play the game. this review warns people of the bug and i hope this issue is fixed as i am desperate to play this game.edit: discovered the only way i can be attacked or enemies can be attacked is if you strike their initial spawn location. still makes the game unplayable.
tem como reembolsar?
na boa quero meu dinheiro devolta steam por que esse jogo nem funciona cara pqp mano nem consegui jogar... abro o jogo fica tela preta e fecha --'
first of, the graphics may look great but really the gameplay just spoils everything. they throw you in the game with no toturials and expect you to be a expert on hunting. the game is 90% walking,5% rethinking about your desicion downloading this hell of a game and the other 5% hunting. this game should just be called walking in the wild everywhere simulator.
i was under the impression that by preordering and purchasing the alpha, the dlc would be free, as stated in the initial sale. how dare!
its my first review but i can say this plain and simple: its just not worth the price.a game like this should be worth less than half and not doting an aaa pricetag.
do not buy this game! wait for the new version coming out april 2! it has better graphics and includes all the dlcs!.
2 game breaking bugs in the first 40 minutes of playing. hard crashes, freezes and checkpoint bugs. very dissapointing after hearing so many good things about the port.
the game is great. story line makes sense, flows through out the game with side missions you can do too.graphics are great. overall decent game, it pretty good...except!it is a load of bull**** to run it through ubisoft, their client sucks! constantly annoying with "we reccommend" or "game pattern change", the best part, sign up and we send you junk..with more junk!download far cry to steam to load up another game client to then lauch far cry back through steam! wtf!i buy games on steam to play through steam with no strings or third party launcher to 'verify' i own the game.really? you buy the game, download it launch to ubisoft own client to sign up, verify key, then run the game through steam...cut out the middle man! removed the game and the ubisoft launcher. its malware for all i care, added software i didn't intend for.[end rant]*insert potato here*
there is a bug where i cannot do the level  boss at solo tripwire pls fix this
♥♥♥♥ the hole thing reset after all that progest i have to do it all over again ♥♥♥♥ u gmod
needs more blood and gorebtw the people are complaining about microtransactions just dont buy the microtransactions god damn itฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็
i rate 9/11.
community is so dead :/
♥♥♥♥ this game dont buy it always bad matchmaking they are not fix this problem
sakin oynamayin para veren kazaniyor 5 para etmez
this game must be tied with grass simulator as  the most pointless and superfluous game on steam. i feel embarrassed for everyone involved, who-ever made this trash, whoever green-lit it and myself for owning it.please do not make anything again, ever.
semi successful story telling experiment that almost manages to reproduce a somewhat unpleasant experience. too short and too uninteresting to really have any substance or impact, i cannot reccomend anyone pay for dinner date, for free you can sign up to tinder or a dating site and experience a realistic sense of isolation and loneliness. i rate this game 1 swipe lefts out of 10.
i don't want to poop in anyones cornflakes... maybe this kind of game might have impressed people from antiquity but it ain't performing any miracles today. also stop waking me up early on weekends.i rate this game 1  out of 10 door-knocking doom-saying mormons.
i like the game but this game has quite a bit of bugs. after playing the for a while i came across a game breaking glitch that froze everything.until bug fixes come out i say save your money and wait.
-unlikeable and forgettable cast of characters-predictible story-intresting game play mechanic but used very poorly-most choices lead to slightly different outcomes that are pointless-cringe worthy dialog-bad lip syncing-choices have no real impact and are rendered pointless by the end of episode 5-max's powers are never explained -chole -boring gameplay+this game is finally complete+some good music+the graphic were okfinal verdict-this game had the potential to be great, but it is boged down by poor story teling, boring gameplay, bad cast of characters, and bad dialog. never have i been so bored playing a game, i was hoping for this game to pict up, but after 5 episode all i felt was a extreme sence of boredom and disappointment.it sad that best part of this game for me is when i uninstalled it.0.5/10
i think i am a mediocre to decent player at racing games but when you can't even beat the first race against ai in career mode something is seriously wrong. other than that the game just simply offers little content with tracks that could have been more interesting.
best ai 2014
the game itself has a very interesting concept but falls short in several areas. from the start of the game it feels a lot like left 4 dead but cops and robbers style. a problem (it's somewhat minor depending on how you feel about it) is the voice acting. it's laughable. another big problem is the fact that it tries to make some sort of story but it's undetectable. and the fact that you can so easily shoot a civilian when a cop is right next to them is pretty agrivating. if you want a similar play style but a better experience, then just play left 4 dead 2.
la wea ♥♥♥♥♥♥ conchetumare, legalpa los puros cromos me lo descarge ni eso da la wea >:c
lo jugue pa sacar el hat pal tf2juego kl malo
this review will switch to positive if the performance situation changes. my setup is an fx-8320 overclocked to 4700mhz, with practically the same performance as an intel core i7-4790k. but the game insists in using just 2 modules (2 cores in case of an intel processor) of my 4 modules with 8 threads processor. this is not about the fanboy battle about “amd sucks”, this is serious, even the new core i7-6700k ( 3 times more costly than my fx) can’t pull more than 45 fps with a huge graphic card. also i have a radeon r9 290x (1040mhz) that can run everything in ultra 1080p/1440p or medium 2160p. but here i can’t pull more than 45 fps in high settings. that’s not good optimization. people with similar setups (i7-4770/90k gtx 970/980) have the same problem, just 2 cores being used making fps drops and stutter as a result. i can’t understand why high end graphics cards like the r9 290/x, 390/x, gtx 970, 980/ ti can’t run the game in ultra at 60 fps, logic says i should be able run this game in 1440p without problems. also i have big fps drops in my huge base in hidden lake, reaching low 30 to 25 fps. i probably have to be thankfull to run the game in stable 35 fps (capped with amd framerate target control to avoid jumping between 70 to 40 constantly) with nearly ultra settings, but not everyone has a high setup like mine.edit 27 jun: update 243.9 "* fixed significant performance issues with dual-core cpus" it makes the game even more "dual core" optimized. i detected even less fps (-20% cpu bound fps from 30 fps in my huge base to 26)don't buy this game. also we need the devs to take action in this issue asap, please don't downvote this because you love this game. i love this game as much as you, but 90% of the people can't run this game without editing ini files or having a beefy pc. the game is still lagging. you have to work in optimization.
we have to pay for this game now?! ahahahah!
a bad "port" of the original homeworld to the homeworld 2 engine.no formations, no tactics, horrible ballistic.and a nice "access violation" error with mods.i asked for a refund, and now i have my money back. never trust gearbox.i will never buy homeworld remastered or hw: deserts of kharak.torrent is my choise with future gearbox games.
this is a very good game
so, let me begin with saying that i got this game with a 90% off, and for $1, it's pretty good. but, i would not buy this game for anywhere near $10 ($9.99).pros:- multiple gamemodes- good graphics for its genre- a nice range of options- replayability- nice particle effects- soundtrack is 'meh...'cons:- horrible voice acting- 2/6 gamemodes are good, (in my opinion)- forgotten about (by the devs)- 3d effects are not all that great- horrible tutorials, in the end i had to just play around with all of the levels to see how they worked- in one of the combo voices, i heard "spaces**t'.this game isn't as good as bejewled when it comes to match 3. it is fun, in a way, but not as addictive as was described in the description.if you have a coupon for 90% off, get it.if you want a fun match 3 game, get bejeweled.if you're thinking of buying this game at full price, don't.
pay to winthey changed server locations for cheaper option, 400 ping every gamepay to progress
nice gimmick, but boring and repetitive after  2 minutes.
it's average. incredibly overhyped. still riddled with a miriad of bugs, crashes and inconsistencies.
will never come out of early access. runs like ♥♥♥♥. boring as ♥♥♥♥.
rarely updated, abandoned by dev's. stay away.
the movement in this game is completely and utterly broken, and always will be. blatant pay to win / pay to level. go play warthunder or an alternative. this game is truly bad.
the controls for this game are absolute ♥♥♥♥ing trash. want to jump off a building whilst trying to climb? yea. want to repeatedly die because 'let go of the wheel' is the same keyboard bind as 'slow down' ? yea. want to repeatedly pull out weapons and shoot the objective accidentally? yea. great game bar the ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious control ports.
game has a cooldown that can last forever....at least not 7 days...3 or 2 days is enough
the fact that you think you can actually shoot things with a gun in this game is upsetting.
in this game you can
this games so sick it crashes when you try to play it despite it being made on  a sprite machine
bem apesar de ter ganhado de um amigo o jogo aproposito vlw mesmo xweba porem em relação ao jogo ele é muito amaçante e repetitivo tanto que eu só joguei uns 10min, ojogo tambem está 30 reais achei um preço absurdo para um jogo desses, é sempre a mesma coisa vem uma orda de zumbi vc mata dai desbloqueia uma porta dai vc chega e tem outra orda o problema é que é uns 50 zumbi e eles demoram para aparecer.o jogo se chama "dead island" porem não tem nada a ver com o proprio ou seja os dois são jogos muito diferentes, mas tambem não podemos julgar pois o jogo está em beta ou seja precisamos ser pacientes.uma dica que eu deixo para os desenvolvedores é o seguinte: poderia ser estilo um dayz sem pvp (ou com vcs que sabem) e vc ou vai pegando recursos para construir armas e fazendo missões para poder ganhar xp e dinheiro ou vc vai coletando as armas algo assim.em relação aos controles bem...são horiveis serio eu mudo as armas com o c ??? isso é inaceitavel qual é o problema com o scroll do mouse, tambem a camera é uma coisa não muito boa seria melhor sem duvidas se fosse em 3ª pessoa ou em 1ª até porque controlar o ataque com o mouse e se movimentar com o teclado ficou horrivl nesse jogo.bem como eu disse o jogo tá em beta então tenhamos paciencia por enquanto esse jogo tem nota 2,3 pois a ideia é mais ou menos as musicas deveriam ser mais empolgantes, as armas não tem muitas e são estranhas, o sistema de dinheiro tambem é horrivel e seria legal ter uma campanha ou uma historia haaa tem mais uma coisa eu paguei 30 reais no jogo e dai quero comprar uma arma mas num tenho dinheiro no caso o premium eu vou terque gastar mais um dinheiro nesse jogo?? por favor arrumem isso porque eu acho que não seria justo com quem pagou o jogo.nota final: 2,3
honestly stupid
big edit:5/10. ( my time played is more like 30+ hours). this games is ok and is worth buying especially if you can get it even cheaper on a sale but understand that after a few hours all up, what was at first amusing chat just becomes purely annoying repedative (they repeat lines) banter (that you cant skip).there are free, equally good / better poker games online. google "free online poker" and click with your eyes closed and you'll find one, alot of which you will also be able to play vs friends or random people, which this game cannot do.www.yazino.com (one i've used, can vs ppl / friends, it has a credit limit but u can sign up fake accounts for more {if your decent you shouldn't run out of credits])https://zynga.com/games/zynga-poker  (on mobile devices or facebook, havent used, just checked)http://www.replaypoker.com/  ( i haven't used, just checked site ).
so broken, cant even play in fullscreen without it twitching, leaving it unplayable or 25-30 fps in windowed. 2/10 >:(
autism
my pc says i can run this game really well (canyourunit passed over reccomended) and its laggy as f*ck even on lowest settings >:( please optimize soon because i paid good money for this....
dont buy. barbarian update broke the game for me. it freezes every now and then and sometimes black screens
if you enjoy bugs and a company who pumps out dlc and no fixes... this game is for you!
complete ♥♥♥♥ compared to aoe2
epic rpg.pretty much the best game to come out in 2011.compared to its own series though it doesnt do well.skyrim has so many features removed from it it wasnt even funny.it was made with consoles in mind and not pc.morrowind still holds the highest standards for a rpg game.not even mods can save this game.
the new update killed the good old fast robocraft. also the biggest problem is when you tip over and fall and can't get back up which is annoying as ♥♥♥♥.
this game is an absolute masterpiece if you mentally ****** in the head. this game needs so much development and it is not even up to alpha standards. wouldn't mind getting my $'s back. wouldn't play it if it was a free to play.
in the games current state i do not recommend. the devs are leaving the original concept of the game in the dust and are beginning to turn this game into another mindless shooter game clone. if you're looking to buy this game for the first time, expect to be let down by the survival aspect of the game, or play br like the streamers do... maybe the devs will see in the future, but for now don't waste your money on this game until they improve survival.
no
this more annoying than a baby crying then and blowing a fog horn every 2 seconds .yes get just cause 2 but don't get multiplayer it is awful
it's not a game!! its meant to be something to keep firefly fans appeased while waiting ofr the actual game to come out, well its been sometime since any news actually has come from the makers about the game in a while.........i wouldnt bother really....
el juego se llama strike suit, ya q el centro del juego es el strike suit. tienes que jugar la campaña (la cuál aburre) hasta que te lo den. tiene 2 modos, uno de caza y uno de ataque (no recuerdo exactamente cómo se llaman) el modo de ataque es bueno para atacar y defender, mientras que el modo caza te permite viajar a mayor velocidad. el problema es que el modo ataque es (1:) difícil de usar (2:) se tiene que recargar y (3:) tarda su tiempo en hacerlo, pero lo rápido que se descarga y lo difícil que es usarlo hace que sea una mala opción, por lo que tendrías que jugar el juego sabiendo que la mitad de tu arsenal es casi inútil. si quieres un simulador de batallas en el espacio y no te importa que gran parte del juego no sea jugable y que la historia es aburrida a tal punto que sólo está ahí para que no pelees sin razón, puede que te guste, de lo contrario no lo hagas pq te vas a aburrir demasiado.
to many ♥♥♥♥ing updates its everyday
i got the disk to the game and steam being the crap that it's become wants a key i don't have
its not very good mistly coz it doesnt load
78 minutos de mi vida al pedojuego de ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
no. no no no no no. no.
gameplay - okgraphics - oksounds - okgore - okcontrol - okbut i couldn't really recommend this game due to its bugginess and glitches. it kinda ruins your playthrough. this gem really needs to be polished more in here for good classic custom fps game.ps: i already tried the complete mod as well and other advices but it still doesn't seems working. i kinda had an issue everytime i trade with npcs. still is there any advice for this issue. any advice would be much appreciated.
just like gmodfun to play until admins and kids are onso it's never fun
0/10 like kindergarden with guns
just like gmodfun to play until admins and kids are onso it's never fun
0/10 like kindergarden with guns
as much as the game looked interesting and the reviews to go with it. nobody in oceania seems to play this game at all...oh and only 4 servers? that means less than 50 people can be playing this game
as of this version, there's not an awful lot to do... i can see great potential, but it's still very much a wip! i've done a reveiw video on my youtube channel of this game.http://youtu.be/qka8uczsyxw
would rather spend $95 preordering overwatch.
pros;funmonkeycons;pay2wingarbage
even though the axis boys lost world war two therefore reducing the capabilities to produce high end products such as better tanks and planes, it kinda bugs me how broken the br rating is. as a german tanker i'm alright fighting is-2's, pershings and all the tanks made from 1945 and below but fighting tanks from the future is kinda crazy, how can my super thick maus compete with tanks that can penetrate its amour anyway.(and yes i know that germans tanks are for long ranged combat but if everyone in our team keeps going long range who's going to rush?)i would play this game again if they would at least fix the br
its fun but not so great it just have deawth zone thats it no safe zones also you need to do better then this it looks so bad dude
pros: addictive shooter, very tactical, engaging combat scenarios, balanced class system.cons: unbalanced matchmaking, moderate pay to win model, lack of noob friendly matches/tutorial, unbalanced equipment, slow matchmaking, lacking in different gamemodes and maps.score: 42.78%reviewed after playing 20 over matches in game
abit too random for my liking. learning the game (key to roguelikes, is much harder because of this.)
moba, or some may say, 'dota clone'. these types of games that not only are using the moba style gameplay, but also using the same fashion model as in free-to-play. such as the in-game virtual store consists of characters (heroes/champions like in dota, hon or lol) whereby people can pay real money to acquire specific characters to play with, or simply by playing the game and earning in-game currency (which takes ages) to buy them. additionally, cosmetic skins which was widely successful in lol and as a direct result many developers sees the potential in this and hence they try to do the same.in a nutshell, it's smite with a bunch of near half-naked anime-like characters and some male characters. i don't like it, some will, because for me moba isn't a genre, the gameplay has too few variety to be classed as a genre. not saying i don't like moba games, but it's getting too repeatitive.
it's like a free online game.
its got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls; to be expected of an old game... tbh i don't even know why i bought this. j-just don't get it.
horrible graphics. its really easy just a little time consuming.
bought the game, downloaded the game in 3 hours, installed it. i go to play the game and its bugged and would black screen immediately. 5 hours of troubleshooting and choosing the repair option (which did nothing but waste time), at 2 in the morning i finally get this game going by adding some strings in the usersettings.txt file which was originally missing when i installed. game starts, nice cut-scene, first level doesnt load and im kicked for inactivity. terribly done. will never buy from zenimax again but i will keep trying to play the game and if i dont manage to, i will refund and buy a working game.
no micro-transanctions they said. no money laundering they said.they were wrongoverkill/10
pros:- nostalgic n stuff- branching stories- simplistic yet effective graphics- fun easter eggscons:- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy ending- there is no happy endingdon't waste your time. -10/10
yeah nah. your fear reaches over 100 when it shouldn't, the game contradicts itself, and when you lower your fear, you die.why.
extremely far from being properly playable.requires a very significant amount of polish on the first chapter alone, as well as actually finishing the three available chapters to a properly playable standard.
10 minutes of slow nothingness happening before finding a singular threat which i could just walk past.another 10 minutes of slow nothingness and i gave up.
the devs of this game are complete ♥♥♥ wipes.
what an uncomplete piece of crap. they are taking way too long with updating this. its been out for nearly 2 years without much too show for it.it has potential ill give it that.5/10
to be honest its pretty meh.the over hyped my career mode isnt your career at all. you have no choices and just play along as some made up guy with a black twin sister! im a white kid from outback west australia! how is that giving me any choice? its the opposite to me. the gameplay itself is improved and alot more of a simulation. the online is horrible. noone on and lag, dc's.still no create-a-team option to use offline in a season mode.
*very early review*to have a brand like sony back you, delay the release 3 days, things should be workign that just are not. i do love the game and i'm having fun 3 hours in but the stuttering, horrible looking objects renderign in, not being able to bind lots of keys and a few other things just should not be there for a full release, near on full price game. in its current state it should be a $20, early access game. now that would get people keen for a full release with all the promised features added instead of the negiative revies the brought on themselves.
i rq
great game. disgusting buisness practices, esoecially after starbreeze studios came in.
okay so lookat all the reviews,everyone says this is a great game.but after i got the game i found out all you do is hit the enmy yep thats all you do!this game is the most boring game i have ever played.the only thing i do with this game is look at the monsters and draw them!
this game is not the best for it's kind, the older ones i enjoyed a lot more. if your willing to try this i would suggest not to and just go straight on the next game.
doesn't work in australia, australians do not buy!
just like skyrim with guns.
this game ruined my life.
liieterually the best game i have ever played
chat is disabled for 4 seconds!bruh
false advertising.crashes.lies.boring after the first system.not worth the $60. not worth my time.
cant launch the game 10/10
its such a shame i used to play this on my old comp and loved it... but its just a broken game now.  not sure if steam should even be peddling it (as it doesnt function properly).  no wonder its free.
good lawd, crash simulator 2015 10/10 will crash again and again
well, what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, can't interact with anything which makes the game last longer i suppose, but also renders it unplayable.. what a gyp!  no wonder it was so damn cheap!
while this game looks quite good, i feel a bit mislead by the store page not really specifying that the game (for now) is almost solely for game controller.  if there is anyway to play this with keyboard and mouse i would gladly give it another go, but as is, i just cant recommend it.  really hoping this issue might get fixed sometime soon, like i said, i'll be happy to give it another go.
loading simulator 2015 (multiplayer doesnt work.)
ok, i love flight sims, but i love them more when they have easily accessible instructions and settings menus.  this sim is possibly the most user unfriendly sim i have ever played.  the graphics are lovely (as seen speeding skew off a runway and into the buildings!), but i can't recommend it to anyone who is new to sims (or anyone who expects to be able to adjust the sim either in menu- or in game).  i guess its back to the 128 page manual.  bummer, i am sure it will get easier... at some point.
fun to play a few quirks and the worst camera in history, barely able to control, lose foucs, no movement then 720 degree spin, on instantly from back to front, wrong side, stuck down low, the most annoying camera i have ever attempted to play with, a game of frustration all of it's own.so aside from the crap ♥♥♥♥ camera, no bloody chain saw and the tiniest branches being insurmoutable obstacles and no steering guide and really fussy front wheel centering. they cheated on the maps, ramping up fuel consumption and slower speeds, so they could get away with smaller maps.really still does not work on the camera, branch physics and player foot options and either more realistic branches or a chain saw.  aside from that allowing for a discount still a moderately fun game, more controllable camera would make a good game, chain saw options a great game.the publisher comes off as a real con artist, trying to cheat the game coders. updates are slow, mods only partly work, no custom maps without fiddling with the game, tends to crash post update.only buy on major discount
as an mmo one of the rare cooperative player versus environment shooters. some semblance of story although a bit jumbled, no solid thread of story with a hodge podge of repeated side missions, ark falls and random events. the environment is smaller than it should be and somewhat congested, with different activities jammed in with each other.still fun to play in a limited fashion as a cooperative shooter, if you do not try to make any sense of it, forget the story and just do stuff at random and don't worry.one to put in the library and spend nothing on. the only thing that keeps me playing is i spent money on it early, only to find how shallow it is. they tend to nickel and dime, watch out for the packs they do not sell what they imply, items that are sold as account upgrades end up being tied to one character only, inventory space is especially problematic and being an patron is pretty worthless. keep your expenditure to a minimum to save disapointment.added to this are some really lame quests, rather than them making tricky or stealthy or skilled, just enemies you need to shoot a bajillion times, it gets boring pulling the trigger again and again and again on your nerf gun ......want a better weapon, no problem the very worst legendary weapon system ever, ties the the most ludicrous levelling system level 100 nope try 5000, this as a scam because you leave your best legendary weapons behind or spend real money trying to keep them up with your level and you will not do it with spending cash when it comes to legendary weapons.trion pretty much suck as a f2p publisher being way to nickle and dimey, driving players away from the game, needing more revenue, become more nickel and dimey, drive more players away, need more revenue become more nickle and dimey etc.
reasonable graphics, not bad gameplay, but problems with matchmaking.can not comment on what it is like to play when you spend big but that has always seemed pretty whacked to me, like paying to cheat as game feature.match loadings are much quicker now, the catch the more you play for free, the slower they become, much slower and not for the reason you think but because they are stacking you against a team where more and more players will be 1 or 2 tiers higher than you ie you become a target drone, against planes with better armament and better speed and sometimes better maneurverability.problem with these games having only a pvp format means they can not set up more interesting missions, where npc take on particular roles. specific defenses, water crossings, convoys et al.only pvp limits playability before it becomes too much like hard work especially battle higher tier vehciles all of the time.had to go with not recommend upon further review because the temptation to uninstall grows the more you play. definately not worth spending money on until they come up with cooperative play scenarios.
dead island whilst promising an interesting game experience unfortunately fails in many areas. a clumsy game movement interface showing a poor console port, jumping his hit or miss, sometimes really far, sometimes short.enemies that level up with you making levelling up somewhat futile including weapons as you are your enemies are basically keeping pace, i have never come across this before and find it a truly strange idea. poor visual and game mechanic sync, where certain enemies like thugs reach far more than appearances would indicate and if the visual matched the game mechanic their arms would be dragging along the ground a couple of feet behind them.the idea of extremely weak weapon that wear out at a ridiculous rate and require constant repairs is also pretty annoying, an accepted idea taken way to far.overall the game comes off as having a rather juvenile sense of humour, making the game more annoying than fun, more of a frustrating struggle than a challenge. a game that you could take years to finish, as you just stop playing rather than putting up with the annoyances and then come back to it months later to continue from the last save before again putting it away prior to finishing it.it's a shame steam don't offer game refund credits, so you can spend unload games like this and spend it on alternate titles, this game is definitely of money back quality.
i did a review on this game saying that it was great. and now i have to revoke that review and make a new one. this game is alright, its a game like minecraft and ♥♥♥♥, but priced at a triple a game! 60 dollars for ♥♥♥♥! this game is ♥♥♥♥ed, in the videos they said ♥♥♥♥ like there will be battles you can take place in, there are no battles ♥♥♥♥ off. the only battles are 3 freighters and pirates and you can kill the pirates or pirates attack you. there is a big list of things wrong, and i say, go watch pyrocynicals video on it. i have learnt a lesson here, dont listen to the trailer. i cant refund this ♥♥♥♥ because i spent 15 hours in 1 day. and worst of all, they are making paied dlc's for all the ♥♥♥♥ they said would be in the game.♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ hello games.edit: apparently steam is letting people refund this ♥♥♥♥ game.gonna return this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lie and buy civilization 6, lets hope they dont pull a sean murry.edit: ♥♥♥♥ they lied... no refund for me, im stuck with this peice of ♥♥♥♥- previous review(lots of reviews out their are saying things like "repetitive" and they're right, it is repetitive, but that is what you get from an exploration survival game, if you dont like minecraft... then chances are you wont like this game, but if you liked minecraft before you turned 12 and the world started shaming you for playing it, then yes this game is for you.2 things when buying a game, 1 read the tags, 2, read the reviews, if the reviews say its repetitive, and the tags say exploration, then its a ♥♥♥♥ing exploration game.personally i enjoy playing this game, thats why i spent the entire saturday when the day it came out playing it, its got a nice storyline and goes for everything i love, deep space exploration, sci-fi, survival, those are all things that i love but i never saw in the form of a 3d game.)
what ever people say about this game, do not buy it.-made by a sketchy developer and a sketchy company......................./´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\...
tried playing with an xbox 360 controller. start the game. get half a dozen free pay-to-play drops for some reason. that can't be good. go to the tutorial. no controller button mapped for run. right-o. i'll switch to keyboard. time to shoot. "hold d to shoot". hold d. nothing happens. try again. same thing. try tapping d. nothing. "hold d to shoot". naah. press esc. "hold d to shoot". alt-f4 that ♥♥♥♥.
$6.29 for one new heist and a few weapons? no thanks. this game still has bugs that need fixing, an infamy mechanic that needs more work, and more attention to tweaking gameplay mechanics. do yourself and consumers as a whole a favor, and wait until it's atleast 75% off steam. this is just an attempt to cash in.
this is how every single quest in this game plays out...talk to "so and so", find a location and shoot everything that is there.ortalk to "so and so", find a location, shoot everything that is there and then loot "insert object".the game almost never deviates from these two gameplay aspects. there is practically zero choice in how you decide to approch quests, other than choosing which gun you use to kill things with. it literally doesn't matter what you choose to say during dialogue choices either. all "choices" will lead to the npc saying the same bloody thing - no matter if you're rude, polite or sarcastic.i cannot recomend this game out of good conscience to anyone who thinks they'll be playing an rpg. it's a first person shooter, through and through. 
the mod was better...disappointing
dont get it i got it but when error 1026 shows up your never playin it again
microtransaction simulator seems to be going pretty swell for overkill. i had to change my review to negative because overkill has their heads shoved so far up their ♥♥♥ that they think they arent actively ruining the game.
it was all fine until the trailer then i was like meh companys then a played a bit and when i heared the cat snore noise i uninstalled as quicker then you can say supercalafraglisticexpaledosheis (excuse my last word there if its wrong)
too many ♥♥♥♥♥ dlc dont buy save ur money to buy better games
bad game dont buy
no lamborghinis.0/10
honestly wasnt that great, was very short and the characters didnt find them selves growing to have feelings for the main character, instead it was they were just instantly interested with him and such, doesnt do no real good to the game if its a visual novel where theres no real diffinitive choices that decide paths, the ending seemed like it would be the only one where he makes it back to their world but you dont get to chose who you want to be with its just you get back to the world they all missed you the end :\
i reccomend, not to get this game.1. you can't crouch.2. the static when you restart hurts my ears.3. the story sucks.4. the guy who says 'superhot' is very annoying.5. the red dudes scare me.6. there's no music.don't be mad at me. they're just my opinions.
daaaaaaaaamn this game is creeping me out too much weepers and the music is so uncomfortable only people with brave hearts can play this ;_;
this is rubbish ive launched my game and it keep on crashing
act 1 - oh cool jack black is in thisact 2 -i've fallen and i cant get up
game crashed every time.unable to fix it after months of back and forth with ubisoft.be warned!
eh
i was gonna update my review but it would end up being exactly the same as atlas 141's review...to put it short though it's crysis.
peice of ♥♥♥♥ unoptimised game, to make it worse it's p2w and matchmaking leveling is practically non-existant at level 10.level♥♥♥♥ing10.run on a mid range system or even just a tiny bit less? lel♥♥♥♥youden,unstableas♥♥♥♥fpsgoingfromliterally100fpsormoredownto1foragood5-10secondsevery5secondsforyou!
played about 1-2 years ago, was aids af to play.still aids af to play.rentable weaponslauncher's news works using ie, and the launcher if i remember correctly the launcher uses java/script (eitherway is bad)absolutly no matchmaking at all (will be pitted against level 30+'s 90% of the time [even max leveled])that's only the start of it.
i have better things to do than sit around for more than 30 minutes just to find nothing....
the game has gotten so bad that if it was fixed, still only the children would play this thing.also what the devs do in every update is proof that they are humanoid gold fishes.
i tried playing this with my old macbook pro from 2012 (4gb ram, intel hd3000 graphics) and managed to make it playable on all lowest settings but cutscenes got 30fps and gameplay gets around 15-20 fps, which kinda surprised me as i didn't think it'd work at all on my old laptop. some reviews below claim to get only 25-30 fps on singleplayer, so i still think this is the most computer intensive game i own. (although, some speech is prone to muting itself randomly, so that's something you'll have to deal with)one deal breaker for a lot of people though: it requires uplay - and thus, the internet - meaning that trying to play it in offline mode is pointless and trying to play it without signing in to uplay is pointless, even though the servers for this game aren't supported. good going, ubisoft, i wanted to play your game somewhere that isn't at mcdonalds or at home.as for the actual game, it's similar to blacklist but the ai is a bit more basic. there's no reason to buy this over blacklist.
the control scheme imo is way to over complicated i would like to get past that but it makes the game feel like a chore to play and it would be nothing if it wasnt for the mods the comunity makes for it such as altis life
sucks nuts
just an overall great game, the graphics are phenomenal and the gameplay is incredible. i'm never bored and it is always jam packed with action and adventure. each class is funner than the last and this the maps have never been better. the gameplay is absolutely amazing with the npc's always giving you a challenge and the graphics have never been better. it's like call of duty, but better! and i didn't think that was possible. this game is just outstanding and quite frankly one of the best games i have ever played.lol jk this game sucks my fat ♥♥♥♥0/5
disgrace to mmorpgs but nice animations
its not good at all
dog ♥♥♥♥ game dont buy! lucky brought cheap online.
oh my ghoid  i can"t even join na ♥♥♥♥oning game< and when i do i cant even wake up
single player is awesome. multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥. if you think its going to be an avp2 experience, look away my friends, look away.predators are overpowered. expect games where predators outnumber both aliens and marines combined. not as rare as one might think.you might be thinking "oh, i'll be going alien, surely since its a melee only class i must have an advantage in close combat, or at the very least, a teeny tiny advantage." hahahahaha!nice balance.the entire combat premise of this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing rock-paper-scissors farcical. light attack beats heavy, block beats light and heavy beat block.as expected, heavy does more damage + has a longer casting animaton. but, you can actually cancel the animation by blocking! so you can make it look like you're going to heavy attack, and then immediately transition to a block! why the ♥♥♥♥ does this exist?what is the ♥♥♥♥ing point of creating a rock-paper-scissors mechanic if you are going to radically change the entire god damn premise of it?the previous avp games were filled with intense fast paced multiplayer action! and this one is just, disappointing. if you are going to have a rock-paper-scissors combat, ♥♥♥♥ing do it properly! god!
at the release of payday overkill said that payday would never have microtransations and now almost all weapons need dlc and now there are cases that needs you to but a key to unlock.payday 2 is now only about making overkill money and have not taken the communities ideas in forever. don't bother getting payday unless you have $20 for the game and another $50 just for dlc then can play for the cases. and finally payday 2 is just a game for people who want to grind for a thousand hours and i can think of 10 better grinding games straight away. please don't bother unless your rich.
although being a free game, i do not recommend. to start, the menus are a bit complicated to use due to its interface and support linguistic is not the best because the game is only found in too few languages. the gameplay is not as close to reality which hampers a little gameplay. the graphics is the least but could turn out to be improved. the game as it is, will not be appreciated by car lovers not call them much attention much less cause them to become tied hours to the game.interface: 6 / 10graphics: 5 / 10gameplay: 5 / 10i hope they can improve the game and wish you good luck!
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄uncrowded ▄▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
this simulator looks like a 5 minute quicky done in unity, the default assests from unity are there, the coding is terrible and overall the game looks like someone ♥♥♥♥ on their keyboard and out popped this game.2/10 (the 2 is for making me review this crap)the only good thing about this would be the vehicles?? the crane was coded rather well, but the whole experience is ruined with the chainsaw.
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄ ea░░▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
cant really play it because of the new roboshield update, it always shows op like this "missing easyanticheat launcher .dlls"
this game is ver well made, very pretty, and great in theory, but i found myself getting bored and frustrated with it quickly. the main purpose of this online game is to gather provisions, build a base, and defend said base against raids, or you can raid other bases. i have two major problems with it though. 1) the game's servers frequently reset, which can be every week, or more. this results in the base you spent so much time building, which may be days, to be erased. 2) as i mentioned, you can raid bases or be raided by other players. however, you are left vulnerable whilst you are offline. so people can raid your base while you're not there to defend it, and they can steal everything you worked to make, like guns or explosvies. this is really awful as it takes an incredibly long time to research and produce certain items.some players may find this thrilling or challenging, but i find it frustrating and pushes me away from spending time in the game. try it if you do so desire, but i do not recommend it.
want to waste your money? buy this! could not think of a single positive thing to say about this game in its current state.(jan2014)
este juego es una perdida de dinero y tiempo por que te cobran para avanzar y ensima el que no sea premium no tiene un monton de ventajas q asco -3/10-no lo recomiendo debido a que:-es un pay2win exageradisimo donde los mejores tanques y aviones son premium, los demas paises tienen vehiculos premium de los demas paises desvalanceando la oportunidad de una singularidad por cada vehiculo.-todos los tanques de nivel bajo con lanzamisiles son premium haciendo que quienes lo tengan sean un infierno contra el tuyo debido a su alto penetraje de blindaje.-todos los vehiculos premium son imposibles de acceder sin pagar por aguilas doradas, ya que los cofres diarios que te regalan aunque lleges al dia 120 seguido consigues un buen vehiculo, o uno.-los matchmaking son malisimos y a pesar de eso muchas de las ametralladoras no funcionan y el sistema de municion esta mal, ya que, si te quedas sin municion en combate el simulador toma como que todavia tienes y un disparo en la zona de municion del tanque significara tu muerte instantanea-muchos tanques y aviones desvalanceados como el t34e, ejemplo, aunque le dispares con un m18 con municion penetrante de frente, no lo penetraras. lo explico: un t34 de frente tiene una inclinacion de 60 grados.un cañonaso de m18 con municion penetrante en 60 grados penetra 100mm aprox.el t34 tiene 69mm, si mal no me acuerdo, de blindaje frontal.y aun asi no lo penetra.-hace cuanto que este simulador/juego/pay2win promete barcos para simular una batalla real y recein los estan por poner, y nisiquera tienen un modo donde puedas jugar con todos tus tanques y aviones sin que tengas que pagar un monton para ponerlos en lugares con tripulacion y ademas de eso que solo se pueda en realista y no en arcade.
hurt my head to complete, game was half as fun as the first two. just didn't enjoy the setting, characters, zero g or story.
gave me nightmares
this game starts off really well, as the transition from the old 8-bit era to the 3d part is pretty cool. but this transition happens in a space of half an hour and the game turns for the worse after the game becomes 3d. after that it becomes a bad zelda and final fantasy clone.the turn-based strategy is way too easy, as your partner has a heal spell that is effective considering how little damage the enemies do. she doesn't do a whole lot of damage (except for x-crystal, but the hero can do just as well.), there is no limit on how many times you can use her spell and it heals both characters. at the moments when she isn't around, you have enough money to buy a bunch of potions to last you until your partner comes back. because of this, the battles will get boring and mind-numming very quickly and you'll start running from battles just to get past them.the action-adventure gameplay isn't as bad, as some of the levels have intresting mechanics like shifting back and forth from 16-bit to 3d but these sections don't last as long and they don't get repeated. they should've stuck with these ideas as it could've added more puzzles and ways to get around them. instead it focuses more on the combat, which is stiff to say the least.overall, it takes a lot of ideas, some from other games and some entirely unique, and sticks it all together instead of getting a few ideas and expanding upon thoses to make the game feel like an exploration through the action/adventure genre rather than a game that took ideas from other games in hope of it working well. combined the fact that the game is really short and that it's $10, this game isn't worth getting.
gave me cancer
fan of zombie games? do not buyfan of the walking dead? do not buylike good games? do not buylike crap games? do not buylike poking fun at bad games? do not buyu getting the idea? its a s   h   i   t game, do   not   buy even if its on sale!
worst game i have ever had the displeasure of playing.
dead by daylight - the game that would be fun if it was balancedthis is the type of fun you'll come across in dead by daylight:unbalanced gameplay for survivorskillers camping meathooksrandom lagbut dw, they make up for all that with 4 exciting killers to choose fromfeaturing:the nursethe nursethe nurseand the nursecoz lets face it, nurse is op holy ♥♥♥♥
i now have hepities a,b,c,d,e and q. 10/hepatites.i wrote a poem about it.oh, hepatites, you suck, i need medical attention, srsly plz help.
el mejor juego de todo el planeta saturno, altamente recomendado, para todas las edades11/10: "too much water"
by far the worst game with the flatout title.
это даже не игра.от того что вы что нажимаете музыка не меняется, какой смысл тогда ловить эти ноты? тем более на условных клавишах.как можно почувствовать себя музыкантом как пишут некоторые в обзорах? да никак.пишут ещё какой-то бр*д про графику, с каких пор пару дёргающихся плоских картинок называют графикой?стоит ли игра своих денег даже со скидкой? 90% решать вам, но меня добило то что здесь даже несколько этих треков оказывается в качестве 256 кбит/с это как понимать в музыкальной то игре? flac зажали? а просят как за альбом.все бы нечего если бы это была игра, и в ней был бы смысл ловить эти бешеные ноты с корявым управлением на клаве, и невозможностью поймать все ноты мышью.
строишь значит ты десятки плантаций в холодном поту на самом лёгком уровне что бы тебя не сожрали поселенцы, и наконец прорыв в экономике с 3 ходки, наконец бюджет меняется с -20к на +40к ты уже думаешь радоваться как тут тебя хлопает твоя же армия :(убили бедного какао диктатора который имел 0 на счету в швейцарском банке, который убирал налоги для народа, и давал дополнительные сухпайки народу, итдитп.я конечно понимаю что игра не будет интересной без всего этого, но это уже перебор, это же лёгкий уровень разработчики!почему тогда мне ваш народ напоминает народ с красными глазами из re5? вечно их что-то не устраивает, вечно готовы грызть глотки от хорошей жизни что бы ты не делал.игра в которой на лёгком уровне с потом на лице нельзя получить удовольствие, да что там просто пройти её до конца нельзя спокойно, такая игра является шлаком и.думаю я все же пройду её до конца как-нибудь, но уже понятно что она мне не возместит тот дискомфорт который я уже получил.что понравилось так это оптимизация.так что будем пробовать тропико 4, говорят там по сбалансированней все сделано.
убил бы разработчика который отвечал за разработку прыжков!мало того что он прыгает так как будто у него яйца опухли до размеров арбуза так и ещё у него через раз два не доходит импульс с мозга что нужно мать его прыгнуть...( чтоб понятней было - прыжок срабатывает тогда когда хочет при вашем нажатии, хочет сработает, а хочет нет )не помогает разгон, ни остановка, ни смена скорости бега что бы устранить торможения мозга нашего героя.я ещё никогда так не матерился на разработчика, дело ведь в том что я не люблю перепроходить один и тот же момент по 10 раз не из-за себя, а из-за корявости геймплея, тем более такого уровня игры.задумка эта или нет, но это единственный пожалуй для меня минус этой игры, и только из-за него ставлю пальчик вниз, а не вверх.нервы ведь дороже, и причина тут уж точно не во мне ведь для сравнения в кс го и я играю спокойным как удав, и причём почти всегда.
у этой игры есть как плюсы так и минусы, но минусов все же больше.начнём с того что это все же игра, и главное тут геймплей, а не остальное, а тут он настолько примитивен и однообразен что становится банально скучно, я привык видеть в такого типа играх хоррор кровь, расчленялку, а тут даже когда стреляешь в голову андроиду с большого револьвера то в лучшем случае пойдёт тонкая струя молока, а в худшем пуля пройдёт сквозь текстуру его головы без урона будто стрелял холостым патроном.можно понять что это за игра с этих слов - игра на один раз.как раз из-за геймплея, и из-за того например что здесь есть прокачка игрушек, а люди привыкли к прокачке оружия, или вот у вас ужасная система прицеливания в игре? дайте патронов тогда! но и тут найн тебе.так вот стоит ли платить как за дорогой лицензионный диск с фильмом при походе в кинотеатр? учитывая ещё то что на этот фильм не будет желания сходить ещё раз. это все конечно решать вам, но ради бога не покупайте сезон пасс сразу, сначала пройдите игру как я и сделал.почему эта игра испытание для нервов? ну это потому что её можно описать так - катакомбы с чужим и однообразными андроидами которые знают лишь пару фраз. да да игру решили удлинить за счёт ужасной карты, тёмных коридоров, и что самое страшное тупиков в виде спрятанной кнопки, или трубы, из-за чего я бегал взад вперёд по 20 раз вплоть до часа, а жизнь то короткая штука что бы таким заниматься.что касается чужого то его нельзя убить, но можно полюбить, как спросите вы?ну сначала ты его боишься, но после 20 спаривания с ним, или с ней ты уже привыкаешь к новой партнёрше с которой постоянно целуешься обнимаешься, короче чужая мне уже как супруга которая просто ходит по дому что бы позвать на десерт, особенно настырная она была в больничке, казалось что она контролирует сразу и шахты и коридоры и шкафчики.сюжет слабый увы, точнее нечего даже и не придумали все по кусочку с фильмов взяли, и этих сюжетных моментов в игре моя чужая наслюнявила так что кабзец.на низком уровне сложности чужая моя в душе глупая блондинка, но все так же опасна, а на высоком уровне ну вообщем лучше не бздеть а то учует найдёт, и наругает :)самый тяжёлый вопрос в этом обзоре для меня это поставить палец вверх или вниз.1.скажем хорошая графика палец вверх.2.хорошая звуковая атмосфера палец вверх.3.хорошая оптимизация палец вверх.4.красивая чужая палец вверх.теперь о другой стороне медали.1. однотипный неинтересный геймплей без каких либо прокачек оружия, и возможности перепрохождений игры для дальнейшей прокачки и развития геймплея в будущем, из-за всего этого игра автоматом становится на один раз.все это явно палец вниз.2.слабый главный герой игры, и тут дело даже не в том что он слабый на фоне её мамочки, тут он просто слабый по всем параметрам, + эмоций мало в схватках. это палец вниз.3. игру сделали так что бы вы умирали в поисках чего-то что не доступно ясно как найти из-за ужасной карты, и отсутствия подсказок, или же просто тупо спрячут кнопку или проход в трубу что бы вы подольше поиграли.это жирный палец вниз.4.игра очень неинтересная из-за слабой атмосферы нахождения в космосе, дед спейс подсказал, из-за голимой боевой системы, банального до немогу сюжета который никак с новой стороны не откроется, а половину игры вы вообще будете бегать за аптечкой для барби которая потом итак скукарекается, это не простительно столько нудятины в сюжете. ещё неинтересной игру делает постоянный секс с чужой которую саму все никак не получается удовлетворить, как только появляется огонь она сразу спрыгивает :(все это делает игру банально неинтересной к прохождению.и это палец вниз.5. игра дорого стоит учитывая что она на один, пускай для ярых фанатов за*дротов на два раза.но для нормального геймера пройти раз игру в год это значит что игра все же одноразовая, как я уже писал как в кино сходить, а кино должно быть доступным особенно если сюжет хромает...итого пальцев вниз больше значит поставлю палец вниз, но не из-за злобы за что-то, хотя была и злоба на разработчиков во время игры, но ставлю скорее для того что бы разработчики по возможности читали, и делали игры ещё хорошими как игры, а не только как повесть, или симулятор надувного кена для чужой.
ok played for a few days. good points-charming graphics-pay to win isn't that strong-interesting class progression mechanic, quite customisablebad points-lots of pay to win-horrific lag (from australia)-keyboard shortcuts that look like a scrabble hand (set to mouse control scheme for some relief)-random freezes that can lead to crashes-quite boring stats-grind, lots of grind-the constant bling!, beep, woosh noises-they seemingly do nothing about the rmt spam, 3 days in and it's already endless.still playing because i'm bored, maybe it gets better at higher levels. like more grind yeah, but hopefully more substance.
this game is very polished. the world is very interactive. you see in the promotional videos how you can use objects in the environment via hacking to give you an advantage. the main problem is that it is a gimmick. it's easier to just run about and shoot and drive than worry about the fiddly hacking controls. the other big negative is the side missions are very sparse and boring. gta has heists and races and lots of shooting challenges. this has very simple chess puzzles and find the console via hacking cameras game?simply put- this is a very basic shooting game. everything else is added on top. you can use the higher features but they are optional, you can just play this as a straight shooter. since using those higher features (hacking, stealth) is fiddly and slow, there isn't much incentive to use them.another turd polished to a gleaming shine by ubisoft. why do i keep getting ubisoft games :(
make tf2 great again
10/10 weirdest game of the year
sucks nuts!
hardcore
10/10 cant start the game
it keeps lagging fix please
quikscope with snipars.added microtransactions
i really hate to say this but this game is dead to me now from all the crap thats happened to us the pc players
massive rip off of unturned which is super ♥♥♥♥. not even worth being payed to play.
not worth
not fun at all, no one will be upset if it was removed
it's really cool.. cool bows and stuff.. if it wasn't pay to win it would be perfectthis goes to the developers...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\...greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
i have to say it is fun at first but it gets repedetive doing the same things over and over again
whenever i try to play the game it says im ofline but im connected to the internet and online on steam >_<
i installed this game thinking it was good but it was  a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game 
glitchy, barely works, runs like absolute ♥♥♥♥ and is just generally uninteresting. unlike the organic progression in games like minecraft where you discover recipes and crafting on your own, you walk around and kill random mobs and find recipes lying around. theres no sense of awe in exploration and the game certainly isn't worth buying. furthermore actually collecting resources is slower than an old-folks home on christmas.4/10, its a great concept, a 3d sci-fi survival game that's implemented about as well as ubisofts everything with none of the polish
0/10, would not pay for mods
sid meier's civilization beyond earth is a "beyond earth" civ game, where upon leaving earth you land on a vibrant colorful alien landscape. the game adds some key different features to the civ formular but lacks progession from titles like civ 5, infact i recommend buying civ 5 and expansions over beyond eart.
finally an objective measure of music quality.
my game not save and there two patch after playingstill not save :/
people will get addicted to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like crack and ignore their friendsi have no ♥♥♥♥ing respect for this failed piece of anti-social crapkeep ♥♥♥♥♥ing about your little knife
i've spent so many hours playing this game and ultimately, they feel wasted. don't wast any money on it. buy something that actually works. the bugs and performance issues make this a painful play.
this game sucks ♥♥♥
game falsly advertises. is better optimized for playing with two fingers. otherwise its pretty great.
dark souls is an amazing game. there i said it. this is a good game, it really is as fun as people say it is. however, whoever decided that this version was good enough to release on the pc was clearly not putting in the effort that this game deserves. if you do decide to play it the ds fixes are a must have although they are difficult to install.  i was first tipped off to how bad of a pc port this was when i noticed that the controls posted to do certain things were configured for an xbox. i know that many people play this game with an xbox controller on the pc because they claim it is easier. i play it with a mouse and keyboard. the controls are awkward but not a deal breaker. however, that the controls in your item menu screen are xbox controls and not pc ones for a game of this quality on steam no less, feels like a bad emulator of a game for another system not a professional release.that is just minor stuff though. this is the big kicker for me: the lag, oh the lag. the lag makes it so that randomly your game will freeze even in offline mode and force you to shutdown the program. i can live with that. for a good game, it is worth it. since the game saves every ten seconds this doesnt seem like such a big deal. but, the game does not save during a boss fight. if your game quits out in the middle of a boss fight, you start the fight over. usually this isn't such a big deal, you can fight the boss and beat it between lag spikes usually. however, some bosses, are tanks and they require quite a bit to grind down. this is where the problem is. if you get a lag spike during these boss fights, all your hard work and all the items you spent fighting it are gone. gone. you have to start over. at the time of writing i have just killed a boss i have had to fight nine times not because i died to it that many times but because each time the game lagged and froze and i had to restart my computer. moreover, it froze and forced me to quit right after i killed the boss and guess what? didn't count, i have to fight the boss all over again! i am running it on the lowest graphics setting i can on a good computer to by the way.i would like to give this game a good review. i really would. the enemies are challenging and fun, the level design is fantastic the artwork even on low graphics is amazing. but, sadly the hard work of the developers has been spoiled because someone was too lazy to make a proper pc port of this game. i have heard that dark souls two is significantly better and that it runs much smoother. good i say, but, i payed for this version of darksouls with the understanding that while not exactly intended for the pc it would function on the pc. what i have gotten is a game that has broken even with numerous patches that clearly needs more work. i sadly regret paying 20 dollars for it and am glad i did not spend more on it. i would like to see this game succeed, i really would but, at the same time i am angry because what i payed for was not what i got. i will probably keep playing it in the hopes that maybe it will work this time but, all and all i am dissatisfied with the minimal level of functionality this game has on a pc.
buy a controller. don't bother otherwise
micropenis transactions.yey jst wht we ndded.
very bad
♥♥♥♥ game
pay to play every month ♥♥♥♥ that
far cry 3 is one of the best game i ever played but far cry 2 is nothing like it, the minimap is terrible to use! and for myself i dont find the storyline very good... i dont recomend you this game.
i typed up autism in the steam store.this returned.
opinion of each aspectgrading system- based on a 10 point rating system.(10= brilliant 7= good, 5 = average , 3 = fine, 1 = awful)gameplay: 2/10stability: 6/10story: 2/10controls: 3/10graphics: 4/10music: 6/10sounds: 5/10difficulty: 10/10overall opinionthis game is seriously ♥♥♥♥ed. controls are ♥♥♥♥ed, camera is ♥♥♥♥ed, difficulty level is ♥♥♥♥ed. to be more specific. controls: you click and your character moves there which would be fine in a situation where it doesn't have to be rediculously precise and your 'life' depends on it. camera: nice and easy to explain, wierd angle and makes the awkward controls even worse. the game is waaaaaay too hard, which doesnt help the awkward controls. i didnt even know there was a story besides at the start but i think there is?overall score3/10[h1notes:[/h1](+ (positives), = (small annoyances), - (negatives))nothing to say here, jjust not a very good game.
pros:i dont actually know of any?maybe it being cheap and gives a couple cards and such?cons:glitchy -animations are clunky from time to time  -zombies attack without animation   -zombie attacks dont have to touch yougenuinly boringlack of progressionlack of rewarding and motivation to playbroken multiplayer...the list drags on.final verdict:not a good game, doesnt really matter since i got it in a cheap rubbish bundle for the trading cards.1/10
this game doesn't work!
what the ♥♥♥♥ it runs at 30fps. this game looks worse than ♥♥♥♥ing arkham origins and runs so much worse, crashes and stutters. the batmobile is fun when you get above 50fps (from the .ini file fix), but you don't on open ground which sucks, the combat is really fun, but i'd recommend  just playing custom maps from city.
update sucks gameplay gets boring
crimefest 2, ovk, you have killed this game, we need an apology very quickly because you made the last day of crimefest (somthing we worked our asses off for) a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mother♥♥♥♥ing jumping animation, this is not a reward this is somthing you were too lazy to do in beta, i have no hope for this game anymore, unless you fix what you have done. a virus has been spread by you, can you produce the cure?
almost as bad as cancer!
do not buy this gameits like a team of "good" game devs came together with a budget of -50.00 and they ♥♥♥♥ this out and put it on steam, this is like a knockoff playstation 1 game and the controls didnt even workplease stop this madness stop
this game is not as cool as it looks. get starbound instead, this game is still early access and is a lot harder than starbound and terraria, i won't recomend this until it has improved, better world generating is needed and it is not r than terraria or starbound until it has improved, i really regret buying this game. (wasted $20)
reborn absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed this game for the low-mid end pc users. guess i'll just play league.
(very fun, and constantly evolving game.) is what i said back in 2013. its is sad how much has changed since then. microtransactions are the last straw. runs the fun of the game when the balence of the game is hidden behind a cashwall.
this is a warm pile of ♥♥♥♥ in the corner of the internet :d enjoy ur day and i had played atleast 120 hrs on my realm account which isnt on steam so trust when i say that
the game is as dead as hitler.
it was such a good game, all the way until almir made the worst move he could've done at the time, microtransactions. 2 years prior to this incident, almir stated himself "we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)" (source: http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521) however, he openly admits that the incentive behind the black market update (the update which introduced microtransactions) was money-based. the success of payday 2 has also changed overkill for the worse and diverted their attention and focus to money rather than support. not only has overkill shamelessly defyed their own promise and introduced microtransactions, but these microtransactions  boost stats . i've supported this game despite the overflow of dlcs being introduced every month, but this is sadly the last straw, it is much to the community and myself's chagrin to see game with so much potential to decline like this.
xp system has turned the game to complete ♥♥♥♥, no skill required at all anymore :(
bans you for "cheating" 10/10
no
cuz my nomnintor is ashit and ity fdoesnt worj with this game
they did something good but then so much that was so, so wrong.they finaly added a deck builder function but then removed 2hd and in its place added microtransactions, amazing trade......
how can we activley support the develpment of this title if the bloody thing is unplayable after every fkn patch.nearly 3 years of failed development. switching from an old enginge to a new one that isnt even properly finished/developed yet and yet the devs expect poeple to lay down money???come back to this game in 2017 when it might be in the beta stage or go play h1z1 which will work and be released before this joke of a title.
it's all about the doller bill with the orignal game being split into 2 seprate cash cows. a real slap in the face to the original early access supporters who fell for the then developer soe's spin wagon to being bent over by daybreak games and ripped off again.cant't polish a turd no matter how hard they try.stay away < save your $$$$ >
hours played before steam release: about 11.5i was quiet against this title when it was first announced. i'd been burnt very very hard by the original farce that was war z,survivor stories and  finally romeo's aftermath. (bought multiple copies for friends thinking it was going to be great yup wont get into but sergey t i still have negative feeling towards you and your previuos history).i was finally swayed after watching a vid released by the lead dev in which he addressed war z, development, pay2win etc etc. so layed down some coin, grabbed a copy and jumped in to find  american, european and asian based servers no oceanic servers and being an australian gamer oceanic servers are a benefit and straight away i knew there would be issues, its a pvp game and playing on 200+ ping servers is going to be a major issue for hit detection etc. and it proved to be an issue. especially when encountering large groups of angry killers in a city settings and really effect the pvp experience to to extent where have been reluctant to go into servers with more then 10-15 players making the game a boring pve bug hunt and loot run.the lack of oceanic servers has also hindered grouping up with fellow players in the region maybe when the friends systems is fixed a group scenario may overcome the deficincies of server locations.graphics where also something to get used to. the inhouse enginge and its graphics renderings didn't look like a game released in 2016. sorry but they look something a par with an early 2000's release game with very a very chunky feel. nvidia control panel has helped in forcing aa and some other tweaks to improve things but on a whole they are still low grade. in saying this though i have read that there are gaphics improvements incoming with future updates so will see what happens. (got a couple screewn shots up in my profile).the map....... the built up areas, be it the cities,airfields or contruction sites are well made and thought out and make for some great areas for firefights but i find it too small for some reason. can't explain it, just yup feels small and hemmed in sometimes.loot,loot and more loot. its easy to find guns and ammo. in fact its easy to find most basic items. as you rank up better loot ( go figure). had fun doing runs to find specail weapons only to loose them quickly (refer to pvp servers grrrr).guns seems to handle okay but server lag etc does effect them with hit reg. so how do i feel, would i recomend it to my friends..... not until theres oceanic servers.it is a pvp game and having to battle not just your opponent but server lag, ping issues, desync and hitbox reg isues takes the fun away and i want to have fun with this game. i can get used to the funny looking graphics and feelings on the map size but can deal with issues listed above. if and when we get oceanic servers i will relook at my reommendation.well they have supplied us with oceanic servers but the dev's like with their past track record have stuffed the game.this title was origanlly advertised as a survival mmo and now they are scrapping the entire survival part and just letting the game become another generic loot based pvp fps. just another crap fps title
doesnt.even.open.11/10
i'd called this the worst present ever if i ever got something like this on christmas
i wanna ♥♥♥♥ing return this game
it was a good good dlc , but i can't swich it to chinese , i can only use english. i hope your guys can fix it
this game could give e.t. a run for its money.
for a hd remake you would think it would be hd looks like im still playing on the ps2
♥♥♥♥♥est game ♥♥♥♥♥est community and just ♥♥♥♥.
only buy if you want to deal with all the ♥♥♥♥ and bugs in the game. i do understand its early aceess but the devs have had a long time to fix ♥♥♥♥ but havent buy at your own risk
is anybody experiencing crashes at the start screen?
abandond by devs stay away! its not worth anything. if you want a game like this just play trove its better and free.
odio este juego. una pequeña bala te mata de una. demasiado dificil encima cuando moris en el segundo piso y empezas todo de nuevo. el salto no te salva del rey bala. pero por otro lado buenos graficos y destruccion de objetos.
it's ♥♥♥♥.
game crashes a lot. worth if it's $5 i reckon.turning down all the gfx and putting the game into windowed mode helped a little.
this game is not good.the story makes no sense at all.the combat is slow and the same throughout the whole game.and this game is very very hard. even on easy i had trouble beating it.not recommended
worth a fiver
please be aware! your free game time begins when you create your account, not when you start playing the game, like normal games!!!!!! i did not know this and so lost my money as far as i'm concerned. not even gonna bother. all i did was update the game through the launcher. thanks for nothing square enix
♥♥♥♥ing broken* since new update....
if you were a fan of this game, and joined the community in the closed alpha/beta, and bought into it... well nexon just ♥♥♥♥ed you over.. the free gp that you were suppose to get on ''open beta'' release..., haha think again... introduction the the case system... if you got to lvl 10+ on the rank system.. well the cases they introduced into the open beta and the gp that you obtain upon ranking up, you don't get..... well, looks like ill still be playing combat arms this year..
gave me a ♥♥♥♥ing virus - ♥♥♥♥ you glyph,
this game is rubbishfirst launch game, servers are down... fine with that. (week later)second launch, character creation failed - due to bug (week later)third launch crashes.....fourth launch - oh wait there wasn't, (uninstalled) my opinion def's not worth $20....
havent fingerblasted momo0/10 no furry animals.
awesome game but it started to crash every ♥♥♥♥ing time i try to join a server
pros: perfect to find your gay male mates! cons: lots of creepy guys drooling over cat ears.
while adding fresh ideas to the franchise it still feels much of the same, and also takes way to long to get into the game
wouldnt adivse getting get retribution instead
im glad i got a refund on this product.unfortunatley, i cant see f2p games being viable vs a full price product. supporting games in early development is great for the developers but doesnt reap as many rewards for the players. i went throught a period supporting the warz/infestation development in early access to end up with the game in its current state, which is not much different from how its launched which was identical to the launch issues and complaints felt with this game itself.it's a bad feeling to see that something you purchased is far from what was advertised, and an even worse feeling to have the early access de ja vu about so many similar products in the same genre. i would have gladly paid a suitable price for a full game licence as oppposed to a f2p/p2w model. i cant see how anyone can enjoy a game where the playing field is not level from day one.pre-determined dlc itself causes imbalance to the playing field but in a f2p game on an early access development plan with micro-transactions in the early access stage just begs a citation for ridiculousness.i am keen to see how this development plans out but for the time being, it seems dire. all arguments aside on which game in this genre is going to be the best, i think people should vote with their wallets and the best way to do that is to wait until a game comes to its fruition before throwing countless hours and dollars at it.dayz is still underdeveloped for the time its been in early access on the market. warz/infestation is a hacker-filled pay2win mess. h1z1... people who bought into this can only hope and wish and create forum threads and posts in attemps to get the game the way they want it, which is exactly what i had done countless times with the above-mentioned games. the game is going to be what the devs see fit, so long as it is as close to what they invision within the constraints of the producers who need to see this product as viably profitable. what the players say they want will still have the smallest impact at the end of the day. just keep that in mind, early access is for the developers and producers to see what works to increase sales and gain more followers. once the game is released they would have expected to have already milked the micro-transaction cashcow for most of what its worth.these f2p models are never as enjoyable as a whole when compared to full release / full licence games.if none of that strikes a nerve with you or your wallet, then this game may indeed be for you.
when you find a game where the main steam picture is a 89/100 rateing from game focus (idk who they are) there is little hope and you get what u pay for
hey man, do this do that
i got this with the season pass. i wasn't expecting that much in this dlc, but $4.95 usd for a few extra building pieces and traps? this was something more suited for a mod.
will you survive... battle royale ?
50 dollars i will never get back from this ♥♥♥♥ing abysmal excuse for a game. honestly i've gotten games for less than a dollar that were better made more enjoyable games than this. please i beg you all avoid this like the plague.
kind of very dreadful. the story is unispired and tedius. the gameplay is awful and it really just doesn't feel good to play
i love the complete silence other than my guns.
creating squad...
ever wanted to be part of anonamoose but can't because you dont have l33t hacking skills, now you can with watch_dogs. a game specially designed for people who use reddit, fap to ponies, and wear fedoras, cargo shorts and trench coats.5/10
go buy shogur too
when this game first was released, it looked awesome. a parkour-based game. something a bit different to most of the first-player games around. however, it really isn't that great. the controls. half of the time when a key is pressed, the game either refuses to carry out that command or take a few seconds for it to be executed. a lot of fun dealing with when trying to beat the hell out of enemies. the ai. well.. walk up to a railing to then follow. all of a sudden the game grabs that railing out of nowhere, and now you're dangling on the other side. and when trying to get back on the platform you were on... nope, the game throws you off the rail into the abyss below. and that's just the smallest of them all.. it would be nice to finish this game completely, but after the game crashed at the last chapter, corrupted the save, and then demanded that i start from fresh again... yeah. waste of time & effort that went into a game that i have wanted to play badly since i first saw/heard of it a few years ago.
the worst ai ever to pretend to be a ai
updates slower then government policy. has more bugs then a homeless mans crotch. they take your money and go get hookers and blow.
this game is horrible. i had a very difficult time trying to even progress in the game. it feels like some one made this in unity for a ♥♥♥♥ing project for school. seriously, this game is bad.cons:* can't really play* graphics look they were made in 2009* bad experience.* hard time progressingpros:1 pro.just kidding ♥♥♥♥ing nothing no pros this game is ♥♥♥♥ dont buy it.
painfully frustrating game.there is no way to tell the talent of a player when you recuit them, some basic scouting would make this game far more enjoyable. there seems to be little or no effect of coaching. batting is a joke with seemingly your team going out lbw 4-5 times per innings, the wicket keeper drops ever catch when bowling (again no way to tell of his actual keeping ability), the bowlers get hit for 4's constantly when bowling defensive... go figuredon't waste your time trying to figure it out, go play a soccer management sim at least there you can recruit and develop players and have some actual idea of their skill level.
there is only one word to discribe this game... "trash" just trash i have had it for a week and i still cant get it to run and when it does it runs so bloody bad that it causes its self to crash.. i want my money back
amazing walking simulator, i like that you can choose between two characters but unfortunately they're mostly the same with the exact same walking animations. the game is in early access so it only has one map, a magical fairy-looking land that is filled with giant strawberries. this is a very interesting game in the walking simulator genre and it tries to do very innovative things.-2/5
nobody plays this game... how do i play clan wars with no clans?
it's just meh... game is dead as of right now.
thank you, canada! you can turn heroic ballads into godless howling!
although the game has been released as early access, the gameplay and experience does not feel like a finished product. i'll start with the positives before explaining the negatives. the core themes and graphics of the game are absolutely stunning such that it gives a great fantasy mmo experience. this combined with the stunning sound and music, really does immerse you into tree of savior's world perils. in the first hour of jumping in, the artwork and the graphics really emphasise the capacity and potential of what a great game this will be. with over 60 different classes to play and a complex class system which allows a variety of builds, you can be a unique character in a beautiful fantasy world. the level cap is also enormous, being at 600, which definitely shines as a mmo grinder with a long-term future and goal. class skills and gameplay has been thought out and the combat system does feel fluid to the extent of how a 2.5d game should feel.  however, the game falls flat after an hour or two of gameplay, where buggy quests, an extensive lack of game features, poor lag and frequent disconnections have riddled the game to be a nightmare in itself. the game in itself is very linear and can likened to be sitting on a straight rollercoaster at a theme park. it seems that the developers have just made many maps, pieced them together and thrown one or two npc's in each one to give quests. furthermore, there are only two main 'cities' in the game which are your starting cities and the entire game's npc vendors are situated in the two areas. nowhere else in the entire game do you find any other vendors or non-quest related npc's. this makes exploration poor and lacking for a person who loves to explore every inch of a map. additionally, if you are a non-paying player who chooses not to purchase tokens(equivalent of buying 30day vip status), then you will be unable to perform a wide range of basic game functions. a few of these functions includes trading and sending items/currency to other players, not being able to use shared storage between your characters and only being allowed to list one item on the auction house at a time with a higher tax rate. however, it is not to say that you cannot purchase these 'tokens' on the auction house given you are commited and dedicated grinder. the problems do not end at game design but also to the management of the game. poor planning to this 'early release' can be seen in the troubles every player are having in completing quests, where server overloads are forcing players to wait 5-10minutes when talking to each npc. at the time of this review, half of the channels are not working and it disconnects the players from the server entirely. it has been a few days and there is yet to be an update from the developers on the situation of this issue. furthermore, there are many stories of character being 'stuck' on these disconnected servers and as such, players are stuck unabling to play. you'll be ripping out your hair more than the enjoyment of the game.i would strongly recommend new players to holdout from playing this game until there are further updates which fixes alot of the problems and issues this tree of savior has.pros:+great artistic visual graphics+stunning sound and music +diverse classes and character roles+wide range of skills on characters+core combat mechanics are smoothcons:-bugged quests -very linear gameplay and tunneled storyline. -some basic ease of life features are poor, lacking or non-existant(eg- all npc vendors are in two cities only)-advertised as 'openworld' but not, with many average sized maps joined together-keybind and mouse controls are strange-laggy and overloaded servers (long wait times for mob spawns and when talking to npc's)-all trading and commercial transactions are capped unless paid for-alot of functions are currently broken. entering dungeons disconnects your client-gold seller spam stutters and lags your game client-server crashes every few hours-difficulty of the game is very easy but it is a mmo grinder-lack of updates and communication from developer
when i pre-ordered it says comes with all dlc.... and lioke $200 of dls atm that i have to pay for? i think not!
got banned for killing 27 people in one match..... 10/10 wouldn't buy
gosh i hope the devs flag my review for being abusive tooits a terrible money grabbing unboxing simulator. that's all i have to say
the game is fun with your friend. i bought this one when it come out and start to get boring because noone else can play with. now it is f2p, with more player, new game mechanics, looking great but the thing is the game is buggy as hell...for some part. like i try to choose this monster but the game decide for itself and change the monster i want(the same goes with hunter). another one when player quit or afk an a.i will replace them(the thing is a.i is really dumb last time i check) and when player quit, no player will join the game to replace it. the last one is the most annoying despite the 1st, like when you found some buddy in your match, the round end, the game switch to new game which will force me to leave the game and auto finding new player. tr please fix ( i know it is still on beta stage but at least make the game seem to be "playable"),p/s: please bring back the mode player vs a.i
no hats
no hats :^}
ehhhhhhhhhh
just no.
i would like to reccomend this game to all, the story is great, arcade and more leave you with tons of fun but if you're like me and bought it on pc mainly for multiplayer you're goin to be dissapointed. you'll spend most of your time waiting for someone to accept your request for match only to have mk crash, laggy fights or the connection just cant handle it. anyway the game is stupidly good to play with lots of content offline,yet let down by horrible multiplayer.
their needs to be a feature added to steam for old reviews to decay over time or have the rating only take into account reviews from the most recent client updates while previous version ratings would be archived and easily accessible. just an idea since the game is riding on faith long since gone
was a really fun and enjoyable game, they have no really made a really big mistake and it will never be the same again.
i remember having such a blast with this game a little over a year ago. i discovered it on my phone and liked it so much i bought it again on steam. it was fast paced and every class was very fun. i come back to it now and i am left utterly confused at why the developers ruined this game. the simplicity of the gameplay also gave it a great charm and replay value, while the difficulty of the game was fair and pushed me to to better as a player. now it is litterally all a grind and for a unfulfilling game. there are loads of reviews with hundreds of hours played that go into every reason this game is now bad that makes me feel really bad for the whole community. all i have to say is 'if it aint broke, don't fix it'. i wish i had said this about one year ago.if there is any way of getting the older version of this game i am down for it.
a perfect reminder that i need to go outside.
this is a game in two parts, and unfortunately, i have to review it is such.i can sum up part one in one word: brilliant!here we have two characters in two seemingly unrelated situations. one has been chosen as a human sacrifice to a monster that has been terrorising the local villages for generations, the other is alone on a deep-space exploration vessel. you, as the player, have to guide these two through their own stories of "escape".i found the story interesting, and then when the two characters briefly meet, then abruptly change places...on to part two, and in a word: disapointing.after months of waiting, we get this lacklustre, almost generic point-and-click game that relies more on player knowlege than imersion in the story. i got stuck on several puzzles, only to discover that the solution requires finding something as the other character, totally destroying any immersion that i may have still had, and dumping me into the mode of "player behind the keyboard" instead.and then, when the final solution required co-ordinating the actions of both characters at the same time, without either character even knowing what the other is doing, well, i guess that's the "broken" part of broken age.while i would like to recomend this game based on the first part, i just can't. sorry.
wow. wtf did i just play. in short, don't bother.[mild spoilers]there is no game here as there's no actual choices being made. you 'play' as nina, who has never had a boyfriend and never had sex who falls for someone on an mmorpg who has also never had a girlfriend and never had sex. you basically listen to them voip and watch a few short movies. the game is over within an hour. there was no way to change any outcomes and the 'game' that you're forced to play was a grind (and not in an ironic mmorpg way). i would have tk'ed him if the server rules allowed it.super indie, super boring, super quick and for us$8.99 full price (though i snagged it for us$1 in the humble bundle) it is way overpriced.i could be harsher though i'm holding myself back here.
good game at it's core, decent shooting mechanics, with game modes and weapon skins that keep you playing. but it's ruined by it's horrible matchmaking system, and a community so braindead and toxic it may as ♥♥♥♥ing well by a huge sea of radioactive trash.
this game is absolute ♥♥♥♥! the people who made this are all planks
should've been free. to many bugs and lag if you ask me
well, i think i've experienced all this game has to offer.thanks for wasting my money
esse jogo é muito confuzo é bom joga dota do q isso pqp
this game is hot trash and steals all of its mechanics from gun point. honestly the most disappointing game devolver digital has ever pulished.
yes, its good but heres the problem, its old and no one is playing it, sadly when i bought it, i checked multiple times and no one was on! so sad
not what i expected for the sequel of dungeon defenders. i mean that in a bad way
i really wish there was something in between yes and no but well, i will have to say no.the reason is simply because of price and content, this game cost's the same price as subnautica and yet it does not have anywhere near as much content to boot.subnautica is a game that i highly recommend but far sky isn't. if far sky goes on sale for a cheap price then sure go buy it but if it doesn't, get subnautica instead.also think about this. subnautica is in early access and far sky is "finished" and yet subnautica has way more content, just let your brain process that.edit: i found out that the game is actually cheaper than subnautica now? i guess that's good?
it's so bad that half the time the game doesn't even run properly
i really wish there was something in between yes and no but well, i will have to say no.the reason is simply because of price and content, this game cost's the same price as subnautica and yet it does not have anywhere near as much content to boot.subnautica is a game that i highly recommend but far sky isn't. if far sky goes on sale for a cheap price then sure go buy it but if it doesn't, get subnautica instead.also think about this. subnautica is in early access and far sky is "finished" and yet subnautica has way more content, just let your brain process that.edit: i found out that the game is actually cheaper than subnautica now? i guess that's good?
it's so bad that half the time the game doesn't even run properly
so, you wake up, ♥♥♥♥, have breakfast, talk to some girl on the internet and then kill yourself. that's the enitre plot of this game. i guess its free so all you loose by palying it is your time, but you really could put your time to better use.
don't play this game*too many games where people don't do their part.*people give up easily and quit game.*reports don't do ♥♥♥♥*salt central.extremely not user friendly.get a coach.
my friend said this was a good game. i then remembered they had low standards when i booted this game up
save games won't load. i paid $7.99 (it was on sale) for a game that take hundreds of hours to complete and my save games will not load. don't buy it!
this game sucks. it take for ever to fly from point a to point b. extremely boring!
this game is a mess. it was fun for a few hours, but after that is was really boring. unplayably boring. do you know why? the first mission was impossible for me and it was way to hard for a first mission. you have to level up in rank but you need, like 10,000 dollars to do it and it is extremely hard to trade without losing money. i'm either a hopeless trader or missing something.the tutorial was terrible, giving barely any insight intohow to trade proftably. oh, sure the first trade you make was easy, but  after that you are thrown in the deep without knowing how to play and enjoy it while making a profit and making progress!all in all, this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥! the dlc adds hardly anything, the first mission is impossible and the tutorial offers no help! at all! so i hate this game for this very reason. it sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
played for 200+ hours, while i can say the gameplay is fun and to climb a ladder requires skill. the casual games modes are fun, but the competitive ranking system is now awful, you can top frag for 5 games in a row and go unbeaten for 10 or so games and still derank on the first loss.the game is good for what it is, a cheap fps.
just a other mincraft clone lets just stary away from this one okay good 0/10
hmmm why the ♥♥♥♥ does someone in there right mind likes this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moba i get it takes time to make games but neverless it is still a piece of ♥♥♥♥ to this day dont download it heck you may like moba i dont care its what you think me i dont like this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ waste of my time 0/10
this game was never meant for the "all ages" of steam...i also would give this a neutral however steam only supports yes and no, and i'm going to have to say no as this was very shallow even for a steam visual novel.
ummm, not much to say about with this 20 minute vn, unless i'm missing something there isn't really an ending nor a real story, had more fun watching her fail then continue through the "story".
shoit game/10
♥♥♥♥ you, overkill. microtransactions? really? paid skins and ♥♥♥♥ing crates? that improve your weaponry? ♥♥♥♥ you. this has become a pay to win game now, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. i didn't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game to play cs:go.
literally ♥♥♥♥ing awful trash. somehow worse than tf2.
this game was 14 cents, i bought it and it was horrible. this game insults on greek myhtology and is juist plane boring, if you want a real game you can play for hours on end don't buy this game!
i cant even stand still on the lowest graphical settings it's so bad...
game is not as what the devs advertised it, this is merely 10% of what was promised
game is currently "plagued" with bugs, *cant find any games*friends list doesnt work*steam intergation, joining friends games doesnt work*server location keeps changing to other servers.*kept getting error 300..its currently a pain in the as to play,
game is a hot mess of disaster, april 12 update was a promise of fix and new content, but its just a piece of sh*t update, made everything have high requirements and everything difficult, even the free dlc was impossible to make, even with 4 players above the required armor gear. game is garbage after april 12th
they've ruined the game.
when i saw people playing this it looked extremely fun but now that i have it, it doesent seem very fun at all to me. during the 1.5 hours i spent playing this i had some fun but it got boring after awhile. for about half of the time i spent playing this game i was gettng gltched out it in ways that didnt make sense (ex: i was trying to swim and i started spinning around over and over for no reason). maybe it's because im a boring person or its becuase this game is extremely crappy and stupid, but i don't like it.
micro-transactions
this game is worse than hitler,every comment made in the trailer was written by devsnever buy this game ever. i made a horrible mistake buying this. it quite frankly sucks.every mechanic in this game was stolen from larger more sucessful companies.this is one of the most disgusting excuses for a game i have ever seen, and i have played cod ghosts0/10
im getting a strange bug where i crash, not gpu/gpu/ram related and it pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed my whole experience and i havent had the ambition to play it since5/10meh
i am unable to get this game to run on a i5-2500  with 8 gig of ddr3 ram and a gtx 650ti graphics card  game will load  to when lara is hanging from a rope over a pit at the start and you are requested to swing  at this point windows 8.1  will freeze  .i have tried to contact nivida and microsoft to no avail i have also tried to contact steam help but again to no avail . if you look up tomb raider on the internet you will see that i am not the only one stuck with this lemon of a game.
this game sucks, the only fun i can get out of it is the pvp battlefield servers. if i play on a survival server some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comes along uses 5 c4 to blow the doors open shoot me and say noob. call me whatever you want this is what i think and this is why survival games are ruined
this game sucks, the only fun i can get out of it is the pvp battlefield servers. if i play on a survival server some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ comes along uses 5 c4 to blow the doors open shoot me and say noob. call me whatever you want this is what i think and this is why survival games are ruined
warz ou infestation : survivor stories, esse jogo era no começo perfeito porém tinha sim bugs e estava començando a se infectar com hackers, porém eram poucos, ao decorer de tudo, o jogo foi se desastrando demais, com muitos bugs e repleto de hackers, estava impossivel jogar aquilo, a empresa simplestemente acabou com o jogo, dai depois de um tempo eles colocaram um novo anti cheater que ainda era inferior para oque o jogo precisava, e com ele até hoje estamos, da metade do jogo até aqui os hackers foram diminuindo e os bugs aumentando, esse jogo tinha tudo para ser perfeito e divertido, agora ele está chato e estressante !nota > 5/10
could be made a million times better
played the tutorial - "seems fun" first level is impossible run out of mana gimli doesn't do ♥♥♥♥ and these skeletons with 400 health start pistol whipping me for 100 damage. then these lice keep coming out of freaking holes and do 6 damage and circle jerk you until you die and your stupid mage has no weapon and is out of mana and gimli is dead so you sit there and say "boy i'm not the idiot who payed full price" delete local content and play a game not made for professional rts players.
simply put this "easy" 3 in a row game because nothing but a pain in the ♥♥♥ for me to play. to click on a stone and switch it with another takes nearly 10 clicks to move it or have it even recognize your existence, the town is lame and adds nothing to the game except for a farmville feeling. the campaign was decent until you get to the obliterator who insn't fair at all, making you hit his infinite minions who require 3 blasts to take down and there are nearly almost 10 on the field at the same time. not including how insane the campaign gets after that. if you even focus on the town at all you will need to push through the soggy later campaign to get those little triforces to do anything in the game. the situations you get to do is so lame and even doing the right thing or finding a clever way to solve it does nothing but show a +1 for something and you get no satisfaction out of it, making it a waste of time.  getting stuck in the campaign with no way to progress or get items because you sunk your triforces into the damn farm means your stuck having to pray you dont find yourself stuck without any combos or switch's and believe me it happens. i can't believe you cant buy triforces for this $15 game because it reminds me of a bad candy crush ripoff with a new twist that makes you want to hurl. will i play it again? yes, because this ♥♥♥♥ is addicting like heroin, but in the bad way that makes you curl up in a ball and cry about how pathetic you are for continuing something that hurts you so internally. in other words, if you like poopy games that will have gnaw at your brain until you play it again by all means, let's shoot up together.
no matter the pattern you can still progress through the game. you can play one level and basically know the entire game. also i don't feeling like im totally blazed out of my mind 100% of the time i'm playing. like seriously someone was taking like 3 drugs when they were making this. fun in aspect, not in reality.
overhype, horrible fanbase... it's like five night's at freddy's but bad
ai as monster in matchmaking should at least be more balanced because they only aim for medics not any 1 else, i always attack the med when i am the monster but im not as brutal as the ai because everytime i ply as medic ai always tries n kill me n not any 1 else, the ai will chase me down till i die. pls balance the matchmaking ai as monster because for me medics r useless when ai is the monster in matchmaking. but i still like the game.
if u dont know the dev team has drop the development of the game and is focusing there abilitys some where else so it not worth buying
game is very often black screen and killed my pc.
suprise, suprise another year another cod except this time its treyarch's! turn annnnnnnnnd the game is unoptimized ♥♥♥♥! if a game is this poorly unoptimized alsmot 2 months before release  then you have a big problem oh and where are those dedicated servers? i dont see em anywhere at all
the canibals need to be nerfed or the axe needs to be buffed because it dosent matter how crazy you are you're not going to be fighting after two direct hits with an axe, and also you take three hits so more than 2 with an axe but they kill you in three
♥♥♥♥ this game it always puts me on freeze when i start it up
hurt my eyes and killed my brain
it does get old pretty quickly, just saying.
its ♥♥♥♥ its cod
this game sucks ♥♥♥♥
i was having tons of fun lvling up but when i hit lvl 18 i hit multiple hackers, bugs and the dlc characters... hackers i expected and maybe some bugs but these dlc characters are brocken. one of them puts down a sawblade you cant get around and shoots balls at you i was trapped in a corner multiple times by this thing and i coudnt do anything cept wait to die. the wolf woman is very strong too she has amazing mobilty and escape at many times a could never catch her and she didnt even have movement upgrade and i did... dont buy this game its laggy and still has bugs for a game this old all that should have been fixed shame on the developes for not blancing bug fixing and setting up servers .
unturned rip offworst game ive ever played...literally
i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this ♥♥♥♥. it is literally the most cancerous game since ♥♥♥♥ing forever. im so close to ♥♥♥♥ing killing myself it is not funny. ♥♥♥♥ing scamming is evrywhere. ♥♥♥♥ing sad 20 year olds are evrywhere. bullying is everywhere. russians are everywhere. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ memes are everywhere. i just ♥♥♥♥ing unistalled it once i realised that the money i spent on it could have funded world war ♥♥♥♥ing two. i have the heavy duty rope ready...
wtf is this ♥♥♥♥!running simulator 11/10everything else simulator -1/10zombie survival my bumhole (theres no zombies)"i'd rather be 420 blazing" ign
rather repetitive, horrible multiplayer (doesn't work half the time) and just pretty okishh. im sure they could expand on it and make it funner and less buggy but for the moment it's just like any other average zombie survival game.
since they removed tiers this game has gone downhill. i just can't enjoy it anymore.
thanks god that i got it free
was awesome, but planets update makes this unplayable on my pc. and it's an alright pc. lowest graphics and it's laggy. i did manage to play for 20 minutes but after a while i realised i wasn't having fun.i know everyone wanted planets, but it's too much for the current engine.
overall has a lot of potential, but not yet polished enough. my rig is middle-high of the range and could run on lowest graphics fine, but i don't want to run on lowest settings, and this is the first game i've had to do that for. half the experience is the graphics. feels clunky and a little unbalanced for beginners - i was constantly being killed by dinos and slowly learning that water, forest and beach has unsafe creatures. i'm sure it will get better, but does not yet get my vote.
unplayable at minimum or even recommended specs (playing on low)
i am gonna say that this is a really ♥♥♥♥ game, but it isn't so much the game as much as the community. the people are toxic and the game may as well be a sodium mine because they are all salty as ♥♥♥♥. the only thing i like about this game is destroying a fleet of people with an awp.edit: please leave me be, gaben. first tf2 sucks me in, now this.
no i dont recommend this "gaem"
valve fu*ked up
do you want to play a game without a plot, boring multiplayer and brainless shooter aspects? this "game" is one of the worst i've ever played and i don't recommend it
cara jogo bom mas... se tu não gastar dinheiro nele vc vai ser visto como uma bosta... todos vão te zoar ou the chingar... mesmo se tu for bom eles vão the ignorar completamente... ou seja. seja rico ou um demente
please just play arma 3 breaking point, your sanity will thank me.
played fm14 before, and will gladly stick to 14. longshots and headers dominate in this edition, with possession-based tactics falling by the wearside to be replaced by route-one and direct stuff. the match engine is ridiculously inaccurate, and keepers are as good as an u12 sunday league keeper. wish i never spent full retail price on fm15, hopefully patches balance it out
this game is so fun but now with the new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ update 90% of the people are stuck on the "checking for update..." screen and can't play at all and when i close warframe steam still says i'm playing warframe when i clearly closed it! look i really love this game but i can't play it now not because of a virus, troll or glitch but because of teh loading screen! liek if u cri efy tim ;( 1 liek =  1 les peeple cri!
bring back the old update:for some reason i can't see the "host" or "host server" button anymore i really want to host a server for my friends and have done the methods correctly but i can't host it cause there's no button :|this game is super fun but i just want to make my own server!
not very good, not many choices, but characters are funny. and they did a good job with the guns. and how the hell do you kil the dragons!!  so i give it a 4/10
the game would be okay if it wasn't so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy.
great if you love those games that make you rage quit, awful for everyone else.
como puede ser que compre el juego por 15.99 dolares y no me funcione!! ni bien lo abro me sale el logo de valve y se crashea asi, en muchos foros de steam muchos comentan lo mismo por favor arreglen eso
uninstaller simulator 2016 - 10/10 would ininstall again
it's now become a crate unboxing simulator.
i wanted this game to scratch the same itch as games like infinifactory and factorio, but i found the game to be a bit of planning and then a whole lot of waiting around.the goal of maximising your profits meant that i would pause the game as i planned out each build chain, and then when i finally unpaused, all i could do is sit and watch for a long time as either my scientists or explorers gathered more progression for me, or i earned enough profit to pause the game and build something else.also the lack of a planning mode/phase meant that i would waste money after i build most of a production line, only to find out that either i miscalculated or ran out of room. if you place a conveyer it costs you $100, and if you then destroy it you only get $50 back, even if you did it right away! if perhaps the game only charged you upon unpausing the game, then perhaps you could go nuts building everything without fear of going broke due to mistakes.i felt like the random elements in the game did not offer enough variability in how you play the game. it's just a matter of looking at the few incredients you have available via the unnecessarily clunky interface, mixing them in the same ways, and producing a product that you then proceed to forget about because it is time to move on to the next product. then you run out of sockets and just spend the next 30 minutes watching the timer count down and your bank balance go up.this game simply is not for me. i gave it a fair shot but found myself pushing myself to give it more, in hopes that something would change or get better.
40 hours in a single game and despite my federation covering about 50% of the galaxy with our combined borders, and every empire not within the federation being a vassal of either myself (mostly) or one of the other members, there was still no victory! i literally couldn't declare war on anybody and if i wanted to leave my federation to take over the other members, i'd need to wait a 10 year truce...there is a lot wrong with this game, but i think it boils down to 2 main points. the ai is as dumb as a doorknob there is barely any contentthe ai:so often there are ai ships stuck in a system not moving anywhere, even when that empire is under immediate threat. if you click on the fleet, it will show that it is beginning to warp to another system, but then tries to warp to a different one, and it sits there flipflopping between the two. i managed to defeat my first major battle, despite me being severly underpowered, because i exploted this by attacking two systems on either side of the empires main fleet.when you declare war, every other empire within your control (including allys), "look to you for wisdom". by that, they turn your highest "power" fleet into a deathball by following it with their entire army. this is so moronic that even if the enemies begin bombarding their planets, their main fleet will still follow you around like they are on a leash.now, this is helpful in some circumstances. you can take out some much more powerful enemies when you have a few empires worth of ships all attacking the same target, but come on, it would have made much more sense to split up and attack some different targets, especially in the end game when you outpower everything.god forbid, if you decide to join a federation with your alliance. it works by giving each member a 5 year turn at being leader. they get to choose who to go to war with and what the demands will be in the case of victory. when it came my turn i found myself declaring war on 4 lesser empires just so we would still be at war for at least part of their turn, because in the 100 or so years that i was in a federation, i think we declared war on two other empires, and had them declare war once on us. in all 3 circumstances, the ai leader would set the demands to liberate a few enemy planets. the problem with this is that the liberated planets still take a lot of work to befriend, so it's usually easier to just declare war on them and cede them like the ai should have done in the first place. liberating planets is literally the dumbest move you could do in your war demands as it just prolongs an already severly drawn out game.the content:i probably spent 2/3 of this game on the fastest speed setting, afk, as i waited for things to happen.the first few hours of the game are pretty interesting, your borders are under immediate threat and you have a lot to get done, but after that, basically nothing can threaten you.there are a few quests that pop up, and an alien race will invade at some point, but they are few and far between and even the few that i did get were pretty much bugged and uncompletable.a game where i sit around waiting for things to happen (and i can't make things happen because the terrible ai doesn't know how to control a federation when it's their turn) is not fun to play at all.all in all, this game feels like it should have been early access and given another few months for playtesters to give the devs something to work on.
i can see how the story/character of this game could be fun, but the random battles, annoying ui and save system makes this too much of a frustrating experience. sucks, because i'd love to solve the puzzles and experience the story... i just don't wish it wasn't such a slog.
looks like it could be a good game.  however, it's currently unplayable due to the fact that you cannot rebind any keys.  everytime i try to talk on ts, i throw my shield.  effectively stunning myself and blowing a cooldown ability every time i try to talk in a cooperative game is extremely frustrating.  not recommended before rebinding keys is patched in.
i bought it because i thought it'd be fun to play for a few hours, but it just isn't interesting enough for me to feel value for money. it isn't different enough from chess for it to feel unique to me. if you're interested in the custom executes and a unique twist to chess, then buy this. if you're expecting to enjoy this just because you like other warhammer 40k games then don't buy this.
i sank nearly 50 hours into this shambling mess of a game that had potential to be fun and interesting.i even tactily believed a team of 4 people could handle developing the game, because the reputation of double fine and the people on the team backed up by a firm development timeline, making good but not exceptional progress.since my purchase in alpha 4, a handful of small changes have made it seem to be a good overall investment and a likely turnaround. i even helped other people on the steam forums and df forums.and yet, i was hesitant recommending df9, because early access isn't the same as buying a released game, it's not even kickstarter, you can't get a refund or the money back if it fails, you have to accept a shining pile of ♥♥♥♥ and hope the developer has the stomach to make it better over time when you buy a game through early access, that's the primary condition steam sets for you. that all changed on the 19th september, 2014 when they abandoned the game, saying there was no more money in development. if you're going to get this game, wait for a humble bundle and pay $2, that's a little high for what it's worth, definitely  not the $30 i paid to test out a failed experiment.♥♥♥♥ you tim schafer. ♥♥♥♥ you.
plays 1.3 hours,hasn't launched game, launcher is bad, help, eh.....10-10/10
i didnt find this game, engaging, interesting, rewarding or anything else i look for in a game. maybe i'm not playing it properly but it just seemed dull and overhyped to me.
terrible sequel, buy sanctum 1 its great. i couldn't believe how much they went backwards with the second game.
the most annoying part of this game was waiting the 2 hours for the refund
a good game until you get too good at it and then get perm banned for hacking by a butthurt scrub. 10/10 have to relearn to be bad.
it's ♥♥♥♥
smells a ♥♥♥♥♥
its ♥♥♥♥ing garbage played ♥♥♥♥in loads of this ♥♥♥♥ devs have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what theyre doing the stupid c - u - n -t - s focus  on adding a faulty ragdoll system and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ useless smoke grenades instead of fixing the fact that if pull out your gun you run the risk of just walking off a roof and dying this game has taken too long to fix its bu llshi t garbage movement sytem its honestly pathetic f u  ck you dev  c    un ts                         drink bleach and die
 i regret everything
trucks and trailers, ahh this game is genre defining.pros-a cheap way to tell all your friends you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who has no friends-cheap aneurisms and fun epileptic episodes- if you wish to experience the same ammount of pain as being curcumsised by a blunt rake covered in vinegar you can try and park a truck in this game cons -everything-dont buy this unless you are a loser and wish to never see that day when you drunk abbusive father finally says he is proud of you.
i loved this game. however i cannot recommend this game after the most recent update. tf2 was the game where you just jumped in and mucked around. you looked up the servers you wanted to play on and jumped in and out at your leisure. their latest update has killed aspects of the game that i loved.valve removed all of their servers from the browser. they had the best servers. you could vote for the next map, kick tossers and hackers. now you are left with community servers. there are some out there that are good, but are prone to advertising, plugins and admin abuse.hacker's delight. pray to gaben that you don't end up with a hacker in casual play. in my last game, the opposing team had a blatant hacker. i don't call people out for hacking at a whim and even his own team acknowledged it. however, in the new 'casual' mode there is no way to remove these players from the game. you can't vote kick them off. if you leave you get penalized for abandoning the game - which is ludicrous. who the hell thought this was a good idea? you assume the recovery position, suck your thumb and wait for the round to end. then wait for the next vac ban wave.. and hope it's soon.casual play - randomness. you can't choose what game type you want. you can minimise the randomness by clicking a few buttons and then hope for the best. if you're proficient at multiple maps then great. if not. there isn't a way to choose specific maps or guaranteed a game type.word is some of these things will be fixed. doesn't seem likely they'll return the valve servers to the browser. real shame that :(
i cannot even begin to describe my disgust for this game and how badly introduced you are into it... i'm so sorry but i've played co and nwo and even though it's taking me a little more time to be introduced to nwo... i just cannot get over and cannot express how terrible the tutorial is for sto and it is something i have literally never seen before, you're literally placed into deep space after a quick introduction into the game where you learn how to fire a laser pistol, everything else you pretty much have to learn yourself... 30 minutes into the game play and only then did i figure it out that there wasn't going to be a quest to show me when i should and what i should do with my skill points which were barely even visible to notice that i had aquired some, but apparently i ended up finding a side quest from some unkown button that was way out of the way and never spoken about at all within game that actually introduced me to it, but i should have taken it long before getting into my own space ship, the tutorials on this game are simply disgusting, the game is full of menus and yet can't even explain a single thing that any of them do.. oh what's that, i can change the name of my colleagues once for free in the colleague information window, yet i press every button to try and find the information window for my colleagues and yet i can't seem to find it anywhere at all! this is one damn confusing game... oh and might i also add that there are plenty of little tweaks they could make to the game to make everything alot easier that even a monkey could think of yet that aren't introduced into this game... overall a displeasent experience, i've seen flash games with better introductions and tutorials then this.
out of the gate this game looks horribly unpolished, heck it doesn't even support my xbox one controller. animations and and design are so out of place next to the usual standard from telltale.
best game ever.....11/10 ign        pc gamers say 'best game of my life'
jogo mal feito. nem tente.
que decepção. descobri tarde demais que o jogo não tem a expansão legends of arana!é um produto incompleto e vai dificultar sua vida quando você tentar colocar algum mod para expandir seu divertimento.
game is stuck at one point in the first chapterjust can't run further even though playthroughs go straight pastgoes to reinstall the gamemajor pranks, your not actually allowed to play it anymore according to uplaynicei would recommend
couldnt figure out how to play 10/10
couldnt figure out how to play 10/10
this game has the bug of opening the launcher then it opens another launcher and it keeps going like thatalso i want a refund :( i feel that i shouldent buy this
during night, you have a execution hood over your head so its not exactly easy to see, well you cant see. the open world enviroment makes you feel really intense, as you can therefore be killed by it!i never even tried to get to town because i was scared a zombie was gonna hit me 10 meters away since thats what they did in last time i played in fact they most likly have'nt fixed any of the bugs since there are so many still around  a good example is that while i was trying to find a torch so i might be able to play the game i walked into a tree that some how killed me if i knew trees would slay you i wouldnt of even tried to play the game again dont even get me started on other players.
kinda like burnout but bad.
i'm sorry for being this blunt but i have to be honest about it, i had really high expectations for this game but after i bought it and played it, it felt like a flash game from newgrounds or something, if you are thinking of buying it then it can wait for a sale.
a big fat no.
oops!
not as advertisedno 'boom' sound when boosting = no satisfactioni will not be milking it's nipples as i wanted todevs plos fix
umm.. just plain um...
it's not a game.it's a novel.and a pretty uninterresting one.
waste of my life wishing for those 444 hours back
since the latest content removal patch, i can no longer recommend this game or, in fact, any other rockstar game.
this game has always been hit and miss. when it worked, it was quite enjoyable, when it didn't, it was rage-inducing. however, overkill has clearly made producing dlc and their respective trailers the priority over fixing game-breaking bugs and imbalances. stat-boosting dlc is the straw that broke the camel's back, imo. i hope most of you are strong enough to vote with your wallet and boycott overkill games until they rectify this problem.edit: it would actually be starbreeze calling the shots here, so the boycott should extend to any future titles produced under the starbreeze umbrella.
as a long-time player and collector of total war games, i am extremely disappointed with the direction this company has taken. this game is incomplete without buying all the dlc, the cost of which almost amounts to that of the game itself. upon entering the game you are pestered with notifications to buy the rest of the game and it is this fact that irks me the most. it is like you have spent 80 bucks for a demo. it saddens me to say i won't be buying the next total war, i'm done after this plus the fiasco that was shogun 2.tl;dr: $79.95 (initial purchase, basically a demo) + $64.93 (dlc) = $144.88 for a steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥ (rome ii).
it's not often that i am driven to post a negative review of a game, but when a publisher thinks it's okay to add paid dlc to an almost 5-year-old game, in the form of a "blood pack", it makes my blood boil. this is not a ♥♥♥♥ing total war game, sega! learn how to treat a community before you become irrelevant for a second time!
- incompatible with fraps (will not even start)- poor performance even on a high-end pc- water refraction is glitchy- multiplayer is unusableneed i say more?
don't bother with this piece of crap. hasn't been fun since 2008.
as a total war fan, this game was disappointing. it contained a poor set of historical battles, a limited range of units and no story-based campaign. the game can be somewhat enhanced by purchasing the fots dlc, and in my view, was intentionally made feature poor to force customers to buy the rest of the game to find any great enjoyment.
every time i come back to this game i am reminded why i uninstalled it. over 50% of the players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. do not waste your time with this.
it keeps crashing on me and ive used 2! computers 1 a gaming one and 2nd a home computer and it still doesnt work
this is the 4th telltale game i own and played, and i wish it stood up to the walking dead season 1 and the wolf among us but it doesn't. i did like the telltale formula when it still had gameplay in it but now its just a camera on a rail. the graphics also leave a lot to be desired, all they did different;y from their other games was remove the black border around everything which makes the game look very washed out and dull.where the walking dead and the wolf among us held my interest through the ability to find out more about the world through exploration, this game does not offer that.  i started episode 5 and i was doing other things while playing due to the unbearable slowness of everything. even as a "casual" game of thrones fan who loves the world and the characters that geroge r.r martin created, the lack of gameplay is a huge hinderance to me enjoying this game and ultimately finishing it.
ill just state the big problems because others have covered it in more detail:- outdated graphics from a portable console in 1080p or 720p (thats it)- 30 fps lock (tied to engine)- lackluster options menu- almost no controller support
seemed interesting but couldnt continue further at 10 fps.
don't be fooled by the free 2 play tag that this game wears. this stupid ♥♥♥ game is lying. you play at first and have fun. then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with an anger starts shooting you and teasing the fact that you were a gibus and don't have any cosemetics. you don't understand but start to learn about trading and hats. the sniper with the anger then keeps taunting you and you become fed up. you put money in your wallet and trade for a genuine anger. you put it on and start killing the experianced sniper due to the long hours of tf2 you have forged through blood and sweat and finally manage to dominate him. you tease him with your genuine anger, expecting him to react. but he doesn't. he just stands there and laughs. for he is satan himself. he laughs at your for spending money on pixels and vanishes. you hold your genuine anger (no pun intended ) and austrailium sniper rifle. realising you have become the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay 2 play sniper that bullied you. you are angry. you need to take it out on someone. a little sniper with a gibus walks out of the enemy's spawn, you smile.short version: basically, some stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ sniper kills you a lot. so you end up buying hats to ♥♥♥♥ him off. but he is satan so it doesn't work and you lose.edit: why is the word p-i-s-s a censored word, like one of the main characters basically chucks a jar of it at people to hurt them. wtf.
this game definetly has potential, but some of the aspects are stupid, and somehow ridiculous. i've collected gear, a pistol a bow and a bunch of food and armour. i see some zombies so i pass by and bout 6 zombies are chasing me for a bout 20 minutes. they're extremely fast, they don't have a stop-following radius or distance so i literally died and lost all my stuff. it's just stupid.... i wasted my time playing this, i hope that gets fixed. make the zombies slower because i don't want them following me around the whole map.
*this review is a statement against recent total war titles marketing scheme*this recommendation will stay negative unless creative assembly and sega demonstrate to total war fans that this game will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is the viking forefathers ''culture pack'', and the longbeards ''culture pack'').sega and creative assembly, show some respect to total war fans.we have paid for a complete game. could you do us the honor of delivering one ?
since patch 2 there has been reports of dropped frame rates and overall a feeling of a less 'optimised " game.my recomendation is wait till they patch this patch to purchase the dlc.although if you cant wait then i highly recomend radious blood mod to improve your experiance as the vanilla mod is very lack luster with what seems to be quickly thrown together animations with little polish.at this current state i cant recomend this mod
valve,i just want to address that demoman should not be  in  the game of team fortress 2. it is a noob class because you can plant bombs and use you noob tube (grenade launcher) to shot around corners and take out inrange sentry guns easily.this class should either be replaced with a new class or just totally deleted from the game; you can change it a bit but that won't make a difference at all; for just how op (over powered) it is.sincerely, fluff67890
game crashes constantly with a black screen, no idea how to fix it either. considering even the game devs have told us to mess around with the config file it leads me to believe that this game was not well prepared at all. they need crash fixes and until then i don't think i can fully recommend this game. the beta was fine, just not the full released version.
p2w microtransactions
all settings on low, crashes as soon as the world loads.
many hours/days/months/years on this game.very pay to win ....what was i thinking.. 
this is the worst game i've ever played, every waking moment was an ordeal
whoever thought this was a good idea needs to neck themselves. ♥♥♥♥ daybreak.
bit to slow paced for me :/
♥♥♥♥ poor hack detection.3 to 2 vote should pass, if only to stop duo comp griefers/derank/trollsgriefers everywherede-rankers and  smurfs everywhereuseless elo system that creates all of the above. 0/10 community. most cancerous, toxic pile of steaming shit♥♥♥♥ery there is. 5/10 gameso sure, if you want to just spend hours learning how to play and spray just to go into comp and get griefed, go ahead and buy cs:go.
123445678
in a world, divided by fear, one man must stand alone, against the forces of darkness. because of the studio that inexplicably sewed his f—ing mouth shut the first time, comes five-time the game awards viewer thomas eric as a man on an eharmony date with reviews. ladies and gentlemen, i give you… me! vincent van vega! so, get ready to blow up your collective sphincters, because my anger is coming!payday 2 is great... right? no. it's not great. not in it's current state. i can describe in 1 word. microtransactions. actually is 2 words: "microtransactions" and "lies".overkill doesn't know how to manage an online game anymore.  i don't know how they could screw up with so simple game mechanics, but they did. it's unthinkable to me that a developer that was actually quoted many times saying that their game will absolutely not contain microtransactions, could do this.  to understand more about this situation, i strongly recommend this video, i'm not by all means associated to the uploaderif it was actually just microtransactions, i would be less angry right now, because at least we can criticize the decision right? no, because valve doesn't give a f*** and let overkill censorship dominate all over payday 2's forums. how many times we will see developers censorship the reasonable complaints of players about a game on the steam forums and valve do nothing? someone once said something like this:  "valve is a billion dollar business running like it is a lemonade stand". it cannot be more true, right now. after your reading this, you probably can see why i cannot trust in this developer anymore. i will not buy a payday 3 (or any overkill's future games) and i strongly recommend that you not buy as well, until an apology and a good fix to this problem.
i will start by saying that cs:go is a good game that can be a lot of fun. the casual modes allow players to play a variety of game modes in a non-competitive way. so, why the negative review? the ranking system has severe problems and the community can be toxic at times. so the problems:    smurfs  – not a lot of fun to play with. higher skilled players getting kicks from kicking the ♥♥♥♥ out of lower levelled players.   de-rankers and trolls  – can be smurfs trying to drop pack again through ranks or someone getting kicks from being annoying. can’t votekick if 2/5 players on your team are doing it.   hackers  – i don’t come across these as regularly as some do but still very annoying.   bad community  – if you have a 5 person team you might be okay. playing solo it feels like a gamble; sometimes you get friendly people in teams and other times abusive people.  plenty of 12 year olds have had sex with family so they claim. also, never heard the words ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and etc. used more than in this game. so why do i have so much play time? the game itself is good to play and when you win it really is satisfying. the issue is mostly some people who ruin it for others. however, it can be fun and casual is always an option if competitive becomes too much. 
 it's just like unturned, except garbage  i'll just say it, i question if this was even worth the 2 cents paid. unturned is free and this game rips off every element of unturned and another game assets, design, game style and all. hell even the icon they decide to use for the game is very much alike. why was clearly identical content allowed onto the store? who even approved this. if you happen to get it for 2 cents then leave it idle and sell the trading cards for a profit. there is the only reason to buy it if you can be bothered. just go download unturned. don't even waste your time with this rip off of stolen ip. [/spolier]
não gostei de nada vai a ♥♥♥♥♥ enfia esse jogo no cu ♥♥♥♥♥
so this game goes f2p, we all saw that coming a mile away. but the sad fact that players who bought this game, those who supported their work, have been left like every other player. they gave us only the heros we have been playing with for a year. when tf2 went f2p they did it write, there was no need to grind, and no classes were released, the players who had paid before were given valuble items that today has paid but more money than they paid for. this game is now like lol where you have a huge roaster of heros - for a price -which are unbalaced and creates a hostile enviroment. in all honesty i really don't care though, i'm just sad that i wasted $40.
not good for and users cpu or gpu
this game use to be so much fun untill nexus bought it what ruined the whole game.. do not reccomend i want the old one back !!
no just no.
this is a flawless game...except for one solid point.too many hackers.i played this, like, over 2 years ago, and was one of the best players. now, it seems more and more people are becoming hackers in pvp games, not just this one. almost every online fps on kongregate has a 1:5 player to hacker ratio now, and this game is already there. guys, introduce vac, because i literally cannot play.did i say flawless?sorry, i meant it's a pile of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. this game used to be amazing. but ever since like, what, a year or 2 ago, it's been down right terrible. i would not recommend this to anyone. 2 years ago, maybe, but now, no.fix your game.
big ♥♥♥♥ up. hard to understand and since it's pretty stupidly difficult at times with easy difficulty bots, i just gave up way too early to bother learning it.i'd suggest starcraft, age of empires or warcraft, but not this.
i don't recommend this game as it isn't the best game i've seen... in fact, it's the worst game i've seen. it has terrible graphics, terrible gameplay, and everything i hate in a game. i do recommend this to people who don't have taste in games that for some reason like this sort of ♥♥♥♥.
i'd love to play the game, i have over a thousand hours on cs1.6 (not on steam) and countless hours in other somewhat competitive shooters. cs:go is the most refined one of them all, yet it has the absolute worst match making by far. a few examples:-cooldowns are ♥♥♥♥ed. fullstop. further detail will get me banned (evidence of how bad)-the match making itself should start easy then go hard. if you just throw it in randomly, you're not getting a very accurate result of how things work. this is how other games such as sc2 work, they throw you at easier players first. they don't go from rank 0 to rank 20, but they go "easy"ish, (say, 0-5), "medium" (5-15) and "hard" (15-20) to see how you fare. i think valve could learn quite a bit from blizzard in this aspect.-another thing is how vague the game is to new players. there is no tutorial at all. the shooting range is a joke and the war owl is the only help, but he starts off in the middle and at the top, with very little info for starters. usually i'd take an essay approach and start from the middle, but that simply isn't possible in video games.-lastly...the community.period.tl;dr:this game is for me, the players are not.overall, this game is well polished, very highly thought out and the pinnacle of competitive gaming.its community is the absolute worst. the apex of horrible, you could say.
this game is better than what people give it credit for, but it is still pretty bad.kind of like edge of space. the gameplay may be good, but it gets literally no where. there is no end game.
uhh....if i was asked to describe this game with one word, there is one that fits it perfectly:broken.
most grinding in a game i've ever done. ever. do not get it unless you have $100 or something, because unless you pay to win, you'll never win.
this game is terrible. i played it a long time ago. i'm quite upset that i let a game like this fool me into thinking a, it's graphics were actually as good as the pics say, b, it was worth the huge download, and c, the gameplay was good. none of these were the case, the graphics suck, it's got a huge download for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ small game, and it's gameplay is so absolutely horrid, i could throw up... yeah, i'll stick with my cod's and payday's thankyouverymuch.
the game is not worth $30. it's a $5 game at most!
just don't buy this game the co-op doesn't work it just felt like firefight from halo a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ firefight here's some thing you want zombies play left 4 dead its way better then this piece of ♥♥♥♥
played it for 10 minutes i'm like 0_0...... what the f**k is this game i have nothing else to say 0_o
game is so bad you wouldn't have a clue what's going on....i recommend getting a real cs game like cs source or global offensive
none of the servers work!!! wtf?
free-to-play counter strike clone with microtransactions.10/10 minutes of my life wasted >:(
very, very p2w. kinda annoying when you get past the beginning stages...
thought this game would be a good laugh instead it made me cry :'(.....................with its super emotional and in-depth story. ive never seen a game so amazing! the voice acting is great, i give this game 6/4 very good
everytime i play a mission my computer dies everytime and i try reinstalling it and still the same so i went n play gta 5 it does not die much only sometimes but warframe makes my computer die everytime i play so idk why and now i hate warfram now so please if ur computer dies 1 or 2 times just delet the game it kills ur computer
awesomenauts. nobody plays this game. which kinda sucks. this game used to be really fun. it's not really one of those competitive moba's like lol, dota or smite. it's more a fun moba. but you will never find anyone to play with. if you like playing by yourself, go ahead. :p  now i don't recommend, get's boring as well.
this game, idk if the game is good or not. maybe it is! maybe it's not. but i can't get the game to work. stupid freaking ubisoft and their uplay crap! i'm not the only one getting this error. something's wrong with your internet, blah, blah, blah. i'm done. never buying another ubisoft game ever again. steam did it right, let me launch through steam! not through uplay! well, luckily this game was only $9, because of the sale. guys this is a warning. do. not. buy. ubisoft. games!
grand theft auto 4 is, pretty good in my opinion. the main game gta 4 has a nice story, of niko getting invited to america from his cousin roman. from violence, to strip clubs. this game is action-packed with the missions it brings. gta 4 is not even close as good as gta sa. that blew away my mind. but one thing i have to say... i enjoyed all of this beautiful moments on the xbox 360. i couldn't play gta 4 on pc! it was fine at first, but then the roads, cars, building, starting to become ivis. gta eflc is actually really good on pc. awesome fps, no glitches at all! do i recommend picking up the complete edition on pc? no, if you do wanna play gta on pc pick up san andreas, vice city or eflc, just not gta 4. get it on consoles!
reallyi waited 3 months for it to go on sale for a 4 pack then i bought it for $2.99now its free and i dont get ♥♥♥♥ to show for itat least give me a cool weapon that unique or even a custom skin how about a refund? oh no steam will not cover that you played to longother than that game is fun just gets to boring tedious and repetitive but if u love 2 grind play this edit 1: i bought this game  feb 22, 2014 and i still got 2 copies left which i can trade but since the game is free what is even the point
if i start up tree of savior, it opens a window and downloads some stuff for lack of a better word. when it does this, it literally breaks my internet while doing so. it shows my steam connection as offline it disconnects me from battle.net if i try to open a webpage it acts as if my internet has gone down. this is a pretty insane bug for a simple window downloading more stuff for the game.
this game is a waste of your cash, the single player is junk the cut scenes inbetween are just the worst, the graphics drasticly decreases in a cutscene. the meat of the game: multiplayer is horrid. i get fps lagg at the start of every match on small maps for about 1 of the 10 minutes and gets on my nerves after a while, this happens to me all the time if i can find a game the only gamemodes you can find is the first two: mosh pit and team deathmatch the rest comes up with no games found and you must proceed to go back to mosh pit with only approx 1-2 games found at a time. i have not tried exo survival and i do not plan on doing so, fix the multiplayer and this review will become worthless.
broken beyond repair.
não roda em placas de video da serie gt, tive muitos problemas e tive de devolver o produto!eu tenho um notebook, e este tem uma placa gt 740m dedicada, que roda até the witcher 3 (no minimo, mas roda!) e ao instalar o batman da talltele, tive uma surpreza, mesmo sabendo que minha configuração era muito melhor que a minima, o jogo rodou travando e com frame baixo.ao verificar vi que ele estava usando a placa integrada, desta forme troquei para a placa dedicada e o jogo abria com uma tela branca, ele só veio a rodar bem quando baixei a resolução para 800x600 em modo janela, o que fez o jogo rodar na placa dedicada gt 740m, mas com flames baixos e cheos de bugs. gostaria de uma atualização e um polimento melhor, isso sempre acontesse com o pc que é deixado de lado, e desta vez a talltele, me deixou muito triste, pois esta empresa tinha tradição e este jogo é feito com base em uma engine que não tem motivos para dar esse tipo de bug, a não ser que a coisa tenha sido mal feita mesmo!?assim que eles melhorarem ( e tomara que não seja como o batman arkhan kinght) eu tiro este análise e até recomendo! torço para isso!
this game is so ♥♥♥♥ i waited all day for it to download and it just crashes every time i load it up never buy this game
im only not reccomending this because there is a bug where after you are in the helicopter at the start the cut scence after that it will crash and freeze as soon as it ends
go buy jedi outcast + academy instead
this game was one of my favourite games of all time. i just enjoyed it so much. i may not have been very good but it was fun. i supported overkill by buying all the dlcs (no regrets) and encouragng friends to play the game. but now something has changed. overkill has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off an entire fanbase with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransactions. i have this review to help show overkill see that even there die hard fans are done with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and they need to fix their ♥♥♥♥.
this is not worth the money. i dont know what game these people were playing but this game is shocking. no reload animations, arguably bad gun sharing machanics, gun shots sound like bb guns, music is insanly loud by diffualt, weird volume changers (no slider, clicking to change volume), one zombie type, terrible zombie pathfinding and terrible models.
isn't overwatch
this is the worse game i've ever played. the graphics are not very good and the promises the developers have made have not been delivered
this game is painfully damanding on my pc to the point where i can't get through the tutorial.
even before the whole "zoe quinn" saga i still thought this game was ♥♥♥♥
overall good game but the melee aspect is terrible i find myself smashing my mouse just trying to kill one zombie and it never works. no matter what weapon you have as long as its melee never go head on on a zombie sneak up behind and heavy attack the head cause when you need to attack heaps the game will decie to quit on you and no matter how much you click you won't be able to attack and this aspect makes the game almost impossible to pay cause you can die from 1 zombie which in a zombie game is too hard even on hard in any zombie game i've ever played.
i am in gnm and i have fun some times but at of 2/3 games you get hackers, dumb ♥♥♥♥♥, deranker, or ppl how think there are why better then ever one else and you have smurfs in all or neer all the games you play i dont not think and when new should play it there is more sait in cs then in the dead sea but you can play thinks like surf bhop and more that i would say go and play but do not think  that you sould put a big amount of time into this game it is just a wathe of timesorry about spelling errors
- bad controls- bad port - screen tearing even with vsync♥♥♥.
boring
.
full of brilliant ideas, but from what i've played, those ideas have been poorly executed alongside aweful ai.
generic and all round a ♥♥♥♥ mmo
i played this game for 17 minutes and crashed 5 times. then i requested a refund. it is a long bow to draw to call this a 'game'. would not buy in its current state albeit the concept seems reasonable.
preordered this game before it came outpreloading issues on launchbenefit of the doubtsave file corruptionbenefit of the doubtnetcodebenefit of the doubtfinding out that none of the kp2 or mkxl upgrades or content are not coming to steam.yeah, now i'm angry.
joined a server...got kicked 10/10 but seriously pros fun gameplay nice community fun gamemodes cons cooldowns from getting kicked due to a vac error campers noobs being mixed in with pros
dont get this game the community is dead no one plays it anymore
very slow paced!!!
this is my all time favorite saints row game no doubt. but the game itself is unplayable, and a really bad pc port. so if you wanna reminisce old times i'd rather you get this on console than pc.
i used to recomend this game, but after 6+ years of playing it there has been so little change that i can longer recomend it. maybe after the fabled engine update comes out (whenver the hell that'll be) that might change. but with the ownership of the game currently under the money milking copany g1, nothing will happen. there hasn't been any change in 6+ years, the haker problem is getting worse, half the weapons are unbalanced, and there are many more issues that make this game hard to enjoy, even with all of the potential it had
♥♥♥♥ workshop have to buy mods f**k that excuse my language
crashing simulator :^]
v
nu
i bought the extened edition on another account then sent the extended edition to this account. i did not recieve any of the current dlcs with it only karts. game is great just has flaws to things like the $15 dlc packs.come on bohemia you're not ea stop being money hungry.
not enought hats2/2 hats would not play
so up until the last few days this game has been great fun, steadily progressing through the ranks, and making visable progress. now the update has come where they f*** you over. "congrats on reaching 850 hours, now start again". with the reworking to the ranking system, deranking has become easy and all the top players are having a great time coming down to the lower ranks. i had made steady progress from silver 1 to mge and now wooo, back to nova 3, where the party is just getting started. if you asked me two weeks ago if csgo was worth the money, id say sure! it'll take a few years off your like but it is totally worth it. but now, not so much. you are more looking at buying a new pc because your old one has gone through the f***ing window. sort out your s*** devs
have to pay atleast $20 to get past level 20, ♥♥♥♥ off
it was good.... until they added the new update.note: this is my opinion, if you want to form your own, go ahead
rip fallout.
i was afraid this would happen. pc gamers have been screwed a lot on console to pc ports lately. stuttering issues and brief freezes, even on the lowest settings. i can't play like this.edit: let's just add crashing at certain points to that. stuttering and freezing fixed itself but now doing things like searching for monoliths at beacons can cause crashes.
i got this game almost a year back, it used to be amazing and used to have potential, but now its bloody p2w
this game is terrible unless you like losing your gear 99.9 % of the time thanks to stupid bugs.
lack of updates, game is dead
right now this game is inferior in every way to the original rome: total war. ca are working on various fixes to the ai and performance, but if it's anything like shogun 2 it will take at least another year, or possibly 2, to fix this game. do not pay peak price for this.
alright, so i just got this game, my first thoughts where that it had a great community and nice people, it took me all of 20 hours to figure out how truely bad the community was. every game there is either a hacker or a ♥♥♥♥ talker. i would not reccomend this game unless they seriously fix there anti-cheat.
started a single player game, says "waiting for other players" - uninstall works great!
matchmaking horrivel,vc esta começando no jogo e já cai uns caras com uma patente e estilo de jogo alto e diferente do seu.
an uninspired rogue-like platformer with unpolished and half ♥♥♥♥♥ graphic design. i feel embarrassed for the spelunky developers due to the clumping together of these two titles but it is quite necessary to note a game that does the genre extremely well to one like 99 levels to hell that falls very short on production value and polish. the feel of movement in the game does not flow in the way that one would expect it to. the physics system is horrible to a point where at level 20 i fell from the top of the level to the bottom without taking any damage what so ever. assets of the game look to be drawn by a 6 year old (at best) where some texture qualities look quite well done. if you are still unconvinced to not buy this game watch the video in the review. free to play or no play at all. play spelunky or the binding of isaac for a more immersive and in-depth feel to a rogue-like. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vghwed3h8ea
not enough players playing the game. there is a heavy advantage towards paying players for eariler unlocks. this game is not worth considering if you are after something fun to play at any levels of play
never use the liberation mod on this game u will be vac banned forever
trackmania's uniquely in-depth track creator and rule-of-cool physics could have added up to a great game, but the community has utterly killed it.i was sold by the demo servers. the tracks were interesting and varied, the atmosphere was one of friendly competition, and even if you lost you still had fun trying to beat your own time. so you buy the game, open the server list and pick the first one that isn't plain black text.and then it all comes tumbling down.half the screen is filled with needless leaderboards, ugly buttons that don't do anything and other pointless bells and whistles. the other half of the screen is a horrifically complex track you'll be lucky to beat even once. most of the time they're so horrifically cluttered that you need to drive off the track and let a replay show you the path, and that still won't help because the map is 60 seconds of madness and you only have 5 minutes to beat it.if this were the game the demo claimed it would be, i would wholeheartedly recommend it. but if you're a newcomer to the series who likes the demo version, just keep playing it instead of wasting your money on a game that's been mutated in a demonic, unforgiving shell of its former self.
source filmmaker is a tool that requires hours of investment and a willingness to learn before you can make anything remotely watchable in it. even though it's still miles more user friendly than most professional 3d animation software, those looking for a tool with the pick-up-and-useability of garry's mod will be sorely disappointed.also, if your computer uses a 720p monitor, don't even bother. it's not worth the hassle.
♥♥♥♥ this cant even ♥♥♥♥en launch a ♥♥♥♥en game without crashing stilll hasent changend fuuuuuuuck
this game is my childhood. i played this game even before the release on steam, along with my older brother. i was in 2nd grade back then, and granado espada was probably my first ever mmorpg. i remember i used to have many discs of this game that my brother brought home one day and each disc had a certain amount of play time on it before it expires where thereafter you can't play the game until you use a new disc. i did come back to this game also back in 2013 (where you could actually play for free) in a different server and account, but soon quitted after the game tired out its value. my current account is also different from my past 2 as they belong in different servers. anyways as you can already tell from my recommendation, i don't support it anymore.i won't be listing down the strengths of this game as it is rather subjective to one's beliefs so i will be only saying the main issue the game is in its current state (i would cover this whole review more objectively by also mentioning what it did well in, but i would exceed character limit sadly). two words: obvious pay2win. some things i'd like to mention is that i absolutely abhor pay2win games. they for one, aren't fair to poorer people, ruins the fun of leveling the game, destroys the game's value. i really tried to go into granado with an open mind, but no matter how much i tried to change my view, the game's mechanics spoke for itself. my highest characters in the game are currently master lvl 1, they being emilia, bernelli and lisa, semi decent characters that were very op in the beginning. however overtime i noticed they were getting weaker and weaker. they needed better gears (i had crescementos for them), but these gears (which for your information is not 1 or 2 for each character) are really expensive! i realised that in my past 30 days+ of playing this game, more often than not i had to actually spent time grinding for vis (granado's currency), and i am not talking about idle farming (which i do everyday for 6 hours thereabout) because i have to specially dedicate my fridays to afk farm from the afternoon till the next morning just to earn vis. this is the funny part though, it barely earns much! the most i could get everyday was a few millions. one decent gear cost at least 250 mil (and on top of that, to make it even better it would cost at least another 100+ mil)! and that is only for one gear, for one character. there are over 80+ (or so they say on their outdated website) characters playable! like damn this game also actually encourages this (as seen in the pets picking up for you items) and expects you to? i am appalled at the game in its current state because this is my first time taking the time to understand the sophisticated mechanics of this game. oh right, and how does this lead to pay2win? growth stones.growth stone is like the mediator between vis and feso (granado's cash). for every 5 usd spent on this game, you can get 6 growth stones which are worth at least 4 mil each (exclusive of market tax and after market tax). and this part is clearly evident to see how much the developers are fat greedy people. it is a scam, yet a boost still regardless. if we do the calculations to achieve 250mil from selling growth stones alone, you would require at least 55 usd to buy one decent gear. and there we have it, grind or pay. either way you still lose out because you would be wasting electricity leaving your computer on if you're planning on grinding.so my conclusion. is this game fun? yes, in the short run. is it worth investing time on? no, if you plan to play it regularly. should i try it out? yes, don't base your judgement off of mine only, decide for yourself if you like it.
so i wrote this a while back and i realised that i actually passed my word limit count. visit this pastebin to read the full length:  http://pastebin.com/ajzysp2uif you don't trust the link i wouldn't blame you, but i'm pretty sure everyone knows what a pastebin is.however, i'll add edits here accordingly.edits:17/12/14: oh a new update. let's see. oh two extra paid dlcs sperately. clover character pack and   the diamond heist. ok i understand that they are two seperate things but it doesn't explain the prices. moving on, so you lock essential contents once again? "burglar perk deck", just because it relates to the new heister clover doesn't mean it should be part of the dlc. on the other side, new feature of multiple skill build tree feature. wait, wasn't that in hoxhud? so now you're just implementing things from hoxhud and count them as free content? well, it still doesn't change the fact that hoxhud still has other features that i want.23/1/15: lol ♥♥♥♥ new heist, more money. $7.50 sgd? no thank you, i don't wish to throw you money for free updates. after all, these updates takes months and even after that you still have to pay for them. i'd rather wait long time for a free heist and weapons or a heist that is half ♥♥♥♥♥ and can be improved on overtime rather than pay for it after such a long time and with no in between updates at all. and oh gawd seriously another character pack that cost $5.50 sgd? personally i have no hate against having more characters in the game but at least make them free for everyone. why would you even charge for it? sometimes i really wonder whether you are genuinely doing this for the community or just for the money itself. seriously pathetic.
everything about this game just misses the mark for me.. graphics, gameplay and the controls in particular. the space combat can be fun however it can get a little tedious and frustrating (for me in particular, being an angry gamer) at times.. all these problems all just combine for an average space combat sim in my opinion. also the game itself honestly is not good enough to be compared to other games of its genre specifically in ways of visual appeal/graphics, after all isn't space meant to be a "beautiful enigma"?.. e.g star conflict is free to play (although some things must be payed for) however the controls and visuals are far superior than ssz and for me (star conflict) "destroys" ssz in the field of which ssz professes to be the best at: combat.. strike suit zero has a good story and can be entertaining at points however those are the only positives i can state about this game.. if you are to get this game.. get it on sale.. p.s: this is my opinion don't rage at me if i don't have the same viewpoint as you.
this game can be fun, but there are a lot of bugs and room for improvement. like with the ammo system, there is nothing saying how much you have so you could be one shot away from survival but you would fire and nothing would happen, causing your imminate demise.do not get unless your prepared to break something.
just from the get go, the voice acting is poorly cut together, the characters are unrealistic and depressing and this game looks to be a bleak way to spend an afternoon.
same ♥♥♥♥, different badguy. this game at least has some brutal humour.
20 reais que eu jamais vou recuperar...
cheaters are rampant in matchmacking.
69/10-ign: rip off of cod and minecraft.
pay to win
totally not worth it for 10 bucks... third person view in this dlc mission only
no-one play multiplayer, graphics is so bad, ai broken, mission got problem (because ai sometimes wount move) and many more!
crash and crash and crash... + loading for multiplayer recource that takes for ever!!!
if you are asutralian, please do not download and even play this gamewell its a torture for australian gamers... because there is no australian server. > south asian server will give you ping 999 with pl 4%> us server will give ping 500-999> eu: ping 999> ru: ping 999none of the server works for australia
can someone tell me how to delete this form library ? pls
worst purchase on steam so far. i got tricked into buying this mediocrity by over-hyped gaming media and i regret every second of owning it. unfortunately it happened way before steam introduced refund system, so this product will forever sit in my steam library as a silent reminder of why i lost trust in games sites.
played for 7 minutes.1 minute in: looked around and nearly died of the temperature.7 minutes in: woke up #residentsleeper
i wish i could get a refund for this piece of ♥♥♥♥, but i bought it way before they brought out the refund policy.
saints row 4 is a recycled saints row 3, the art style is the same, it's got the same linear missions with a small twist so that you can use the super powers, and the super powers were the worst addition to the game. the art style is terrible, it's got the same low resolution textures and the "effects" are just the models of stuff morphing or the textures pixelising. this game has the worst missions, the missions seem fun at the start, but towards the end of the game, the missions are just the same thing repeated over and over again, and to get some good weapons, you need to do linear side missions which are not fun at all, i do not recommend you buy this game unless it is only $10 or less.
bought the game for the lolz, started it up and already knew it was ♥♥♥♥ed, the instant the game started i could hear that the sound was fuzzy and kinda slow but didn't think much of it till i went to start episode 1. the opening voice was robotic af and fuzzy too, i made my way past most of the opening before the game freezes and crashes my graphics card. i tried multiple times but every time i start the game it randomly freezes and crashes my graphics card. 9/10
nope, i had my space ship all sorted and then an update was released that took all of my guns awaystupid
so many lies, so much bs, nothing as expected do not buy based on any videos involving a dev talking about the game. also first time reviewing since i felt that ripped off...
"that is one big pile of ♥♥♥♥"-doctor ian malcom
honestly i expected more, but it results that this was a waste of time, i dont recomend this, it like a simple mod with no other impressive things...........
a very polished, boring game for the ultra casuals. seriously. graphics are cute, but the gameplay is very limited. there was no challenge at all. nothing to learn as a game player. it's cheap, but i'd still prefer my 2 hours to finish the 'campaign' back. don't buy this unless you like only like winning.
this is a change from my original review. this game is ehhh but not woo hoo amazing! this game is terraria with space ships and a interesting graphics. this game was fun for me when i first picked it up, but quickly lost its charm. i got diamond pickaxe and a giant fortress in the 8 hours i have played. that may be slower then, say mc or something, but it still.graphicsit's a really interesting graphical build. i've never seen a game look the way this does. i really kinda like it, but just because a game looks good, doesn't mean it's a good game. i like the graphics, sue me!gameplayehhhh... ehh... mehh.... not terribly good. i quickly blasted right through it. i got diamond 3 hours in. that's faster then i can find diamond in mc. and i know exactly where to find 'em. the gameplay is mostly a hack & slash type game with a crafting system and building. the building is odd with that you always use four blocks instead of just one. the grid system in play here is so large, this four block per place is completely needed to play the game. unlike terraria, where the grid is only one block per block system. which i prefer, in my opinion. if you kinda sorta a little bit like the idea, wait until it's in a major sale. multiplayerit's there. there are very cool servers on here. pretty cool, but it still doesn't excuse the crap singleplayer experience. if you are gunna get this game, do two things. one, buy it on a sale. two, get a friend to play it with. oh, and skype. or teamspeak. or use the crap steam voice chat. i don't know how to make a server, google that. all in all, i give this a 3 out of 10. in normal terms, that's a major meeeehhh. you really have to be in the mood to play this game, or just love this type of game.
this game didn't keep me interested for 100 hours..
boring as ♥♥♥♥
drops out and bugs every 30 mins
horrible game dont get it... the game looks cool and fun at first but once you actually play it youll hate it. the pilot controls are ♥♥♥♥ and you cant shoot at anything because all the jets move to fast and by the time you finnaly get a kill youll crash into some piece of metal flying around taking your kill back to a big fat zero... dont get this game unless you want to rage... i guess on the bright side the concept is cool having customizable planes with gatling guns and stuff but the makers of this game really needs to fix the flight and shooting in the game...
graphics: 10/10sound: 10/10gameplay:  10/10story: 10/10controls: 10/10overall: 1/10 this game is literally ♥♥♥♥.
you sell your life to ivent4. 10/10 ignrating: 2/10 cats
game was not at all what i was expecting...hello games lied to our faces..
i cant even get into a match. i dont know if its my internet or what. my friends tried joining a server and they had the same problem i had. we sat here for half an hour waiting for it to load
steam or  rockstar needs to fix this game i try to play it but it never opens  i have no idea how to fix it but i hope they do
honestly one of the worst ♥♥♥♥ing first person shooter series of all time!
why the hell am i vac banned? i don't cheat, srsly valve wtf is your problem?just remove vac, steam doesnt even have particularly good games, really doesn't warrant banning a bunch of people for nothing. legit hackers will be smart enough to not get caught. plus, tf2? it's basically sandbox. noone would bother cheating.
uma bosta.
rust vem sofrendo de uma má otimização oq torna impossivel ter uma boa performance em um pc ruim (meu caso).espero que esse problema seja corrigido o mais rapido possível.
i just got back into this to find the squad update had occurred.played for an hour and i just cant even tell what the devs were thinking, i just want simple af mm.became really glitched to the point of me restarting my pc
this game is terrible, the graphics a bad, the quaility of the game is bad, it tries to rip off rust and unturned. if you want to play a minecraft/dayz then play unturned
plenty of potential but still a long way to go. very limited optionsgame is local multi-player only - there's almost nothing else to do besides this as far as i can tell - no ai vs and no network play as far as i could tellcontrollers are a mustperformance even on a relatively high end pc (i7 4770/gtx 680/16gb ram/ssd) can be quite poor at times an anything but "fastest" graphics settings in its current state it's difficult to recommend.
buyer beware: when this game was moved to steam i'd just renewed my subscription 2 months prior - they refuse to offer even a pro-rated refund despite not providing the remaining 10 months of service which i'd paid for. in addition to this all stats were wiped. a move to steam like this would have been in the works for at least 2 months - so essentially my money was taken without any intention of providing the full duration of the service.in addition to this they have failed to provide a copy of the terms of use which i've requested despite this being the grounds for them refusing the refund.it's worth noting that when i say them i am not talking about steam i am talking about quake live/id software/bethesda (whomever manages their support/billing)overall it's essentially quake 3 online - it's fun if you can get a server that's actually got some people in it. after screwing over their entire player base though it's a little difficult at times
great game until they turned off the au servers - now i effectively dropped > $100 on starter packs etc. that are unsuable - this happened relatively close to release, and eor is not offering refunds. when the servers were taken down they made no effort to notify customers, or respond to questions on forums on social media or their forums for well over a week. the worst part is that when they tried to justify the reasoning is that they said it was due to poor match making when it's clearly just the cost of servers vs population. match making was as bad if not worse after switching off au servers and latency was significantly worse - actually barely playable in most cases.as such feel free to play loadout it's a pretty sweet game but i don't recommend paying eor for anything or expecting them to treat their customers in a remotely fair manner. i don't think at least a partial refund would have been unfair as what was purchased is now of no use to me due to changes on eor's part.
this game is an absolute piece of ♥♥♥♥ and i wish i could get a steam credit for it, do not buy it.
não recomendo.é muito ruim, deu pra ver porque ele é grátis, não gostei nem um pouco e me arrempedi de ter instalado
i have played this game for an extensive amount of hours. to make things clear now, just because i played it for a long time, doesn't mean i enjoyed the experience of it very much. first off as to why it's a poor quality game, is the obvious port problems. they have released many patches and updates trying to fix this but with each one they just bring in more problems that make the game even worse. i will say they have made the frame rate stable (for me at least) and they have fixed almost all the game crashing bugs (can't say the same about arkham origins). the story in this game, honestly wasn't very enjoyable. there were some plot twists that did throw the story around in a few directions but none of them ever lasted. the reveals and deaths weren't too effective, and many parts of the story that should have been important (including the arkham knight reveal) was basically shoved in your face the whole story leading up to it. gameplay: well it's terrible in most parts.pros-the gliding and the overall look of the city is really nice and well done.          the graple controls are nice including the upgrade.          the upgrade system was clear and easy to understandcons-the feel of everything else was just awful. (this is going to be long)you could haer on the police radio that there is a riot taking place in an area nearby, so you can see with detecive vision that there is about 50 or so thugs just smashing stores and trashing the area, so you want to be a cool batman and jump down and bash all those criminals up. but you can't! they all run away except for about 5. it is so sad just watching as everyone runs away and you aggrivate them at all to get their attention so they can turn around and join the fight. even arkham origins did this better with the crime in progress system where you can have everyone in the big fights try and kill which was about 20-30 or so thugs. so why not in this game? i want to test my skills against a big group of thugs. another thing is the batmobile, i was so excited to hear that you can drive the batmobile, however when they first showed the design, it was extremely dissapointing, especially the look. the back of it is horrible, it looks like a bug from some angles which is awful. the feel of it is terrible too. don't think i'm a bad driver because i am quite high in almost every single race event in this game, however it is just awful to drive. the race mechanics are just outright messed up. "drifting slows down the timer to make one second in the timer last 3 in the real world". that is just awful because it means that people don't get rewarded for being really fast and driving at high speeds. you will get a better reward (and faster time) for driving really slowly and drifting than you would by doing tight turns and driving at high speeds (and the difference can be up to 1 minute depending on your style). another thing about driving is the physics. there are many physics problems in this. you can touch a wall which you will normally smash right through any normal time, but far to often, you will be sent flying doing flips in the sky. ridiculous. and i haven't even gotten to the part where they over use the batmobile so much. *spoilers* they destroy the batmobile at one stage against a stupid drill machine which is almost faster than the batmobile itself, and then less than 5 minutes later they give you another one. they can't keep it away from you. *end spoilers* they use it for everything. and every puzzle and trap possible just so happens to be only activated by the batmobile! i will say that the combat challenges in the batmobile are alright. not good but alright. they are mostly easy and get very simple very quick. i don't put much more than 3 minutes of effort into it because that's as much variety as there is and it's not worth getting high on the leaderboard. now moving onto combat. oh boy, oh boy. this is the biggest problem in this game by a long shot. i can spend hours and hours talking about everything wrong with it, but i wont because i've been making youtube videos to do that for me. the combat is awful and broken and just down right disapointing. i will start with the normal problems that need to be modified (this is excluding glitches). 1. charging thugs: this was a stupid idea. a thug that runs at incredibly slow speed can only be stopped by a batarang to the face. (or evade which doesn't stop them but avoids them). for some reason a flying kick from batman to the face is beaten by a man doing a bit more than a jog. it's incredibly odd and stupid, and their hit box is far to big. they have a hit box of about 2 thugs wide.2. camera in combat: it is the worst of the series. it will pan around for stupid reasons even when you don't want it to, and the problem with that is that the combat priotisation is based on your camera direction. also a move you can unlock and perform is the special batclaw slam which grapples the target and you fly at him and flip over you and slam him into the ground. (a bit different when doing this to a brute but the same problem is there) the camera does this stupid movie action look where it zooms in on their torso's and you can't see a damn thing. sometimes there is a glitch where that camera shot doesn't work and it stays at the distant 3rd person look (and you know you messed up when a glitch makes what you have look sh*t). they need to get rid of the zoom on that move. it cause everyone to step back but it spins the camera as well messing things up for about .75 of a second (and that's important). also the camera doesn't do well when near a wall (it might be a glitch so i'll explain it in that part). 3. target priorisation: this is one of the worst. they have many challenge maps in this game such as the combo master which means you need to keep one combo for as long as possible. i am not bad at arkham combat, i've gotten hundreds of thousands of points (millions for some) in challenge maps and i've gotten a nice score in combo master of over 250. which was good for the first 3 days when it came out and the frame rates absolutely murdered itself when the timer starts on the screen and the frames drop to 1 per second. but now it's terrible. keeping combos for more than 200 is almost impossible. special moves such as disarm and destroy don't know what they are doing. they need a proper order of importance beacuse for some reason, the game seems to think that poles and baseball bats are more of a threat than stun sticks or shields. (even though baseball bats and poles are weapons batman can use) basic free flow combat has got it wrong also. i can look straight at a thug without anything in his hand, i aim at him, i go for him, but the game decides that the man 3 thugs behind him with a stun stick is the right target to pick which kills the combo and fails the challenge. it's just terrible. in one of the videos i'm making, i will be including a full length statement including how priotisation and the combat should be working to make things good again. there is more but i will move onto the glitches.camera against walls: combo challenge is a perfect example. there isn't a proper boundary in that challenge, it just some purple walls that fizzle which used to murder frame rates right? well for some reason the camera glitches like crazy when you try and look behind you when punching someone against those walls. those walls need to let the camera go through them at least cause it messes so much up. counters: they are broken as hell. i get so many instances where a thug wants to attack so me so i counter, but they just freeze and don't attack and batman doesn't move so it drops the combo. you can't do anything but watch for one second as nothing happens and watch your chance of getting a high score vanish. these need to fixed because they cause extreme game impacting problems. i have run out of room for this review. don't buy. 
buggy, sloppy, floaty combat, poor performance. 1/10. not even worth downloading it, go play verdun instead. it's alot better than this mess.
this game is pretty terrible maybe worth 5 buck but 24 no frickin way zombies are jittery glitchy at times extremely hard to kill to begin with and the whole thing is kinda boring i get its in alpha but i expect better
correction ladies and gentlemenafter servel billion problems i have deemed this game to be 1/10, why?problems such astextures breaking 24'7taking forever to load addons breaking every dayfaulty codingsometimes crashes your desktophas a dishonest creatorcrashes every time you try to do somethingoh and well there is lots of lots and lots lagand its not worth your money it might cost you 10 dollars now but it will cost you trillions in hospitial bills from the stress!~sincerly reaver.ps. jeddalo says screw you garry newmanpss. thanks for making machinmas an ordeal from reaver
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
day one dlc? bad no thats something id expect from eaenemy hitboxes stop working past 150m serious issuemultiplayer is unplayable, compareable to watchdogs on launchdayco-op is also broken, second player that is connected to the host will fire 2-4 times for every single click of the mouse on their end.the ai is far from groundbreaking like the devs would like you to believe, unless ground breaking is spotting you and calling for help while being stabbed in the jugular and also seeing you at 100+ meters while you are prone and in a bushonly improvements from se2 is prettier looking graphics probably the only posative thing i can come up withdefinatly regret buying it, will update with more issues/praise as i progress into the game
dlc locked multiplayer, game tends to randomly generate you ontop of traps killing you instantly, is a pixel game but lags for no reason after the boss body despawns? needs massive amount of grinding to get anywhere, and once you get a good run you tend to die
its just not fun.
jogo horrível . me arrependi de gastar 21 centavos nesse ''jogo''
this game gave me a near death experience, god help me, my joints are hurting, call for help.
not enough hats
not many types of armour
crap game made me wacist ruins lifegives crap grades spend money becuase you're spoilt ruins lifeyou want to make fwends good luck with russians play with fwends prepare to lose them because this game brings out there true feelings of how bad they are in real life want to go have a wank nope play dota 2 son would recommend to people with no team work valuesi would give it 9/11
terrible
well this was a disappintment. this is left4dead in hl2. slow zombies, terrible servers, awkward controls, glitchy interface et let it down. overall, a miss!4/10
so, i am reviewing mods this whole week. ive reviewed estranged and no more room in hell yet and half life:before. now onto synergy. you can play synergy if  you have a game using the source engine. so thats hl, cs etc. it is a co-op fps in well-designed levels. the shooting is great. however the main problem is replayability. after a round of having fun, i got bored with the same mechanics.if you want to have fun in this game, play it with friends using voice chat. otherwise its a5/10average
best game ever!
how do i refund this ;-;
installed and linked with uplay, clothing pack no where to be found in game not even at rewards vender or character tab, this is borderline theft and dlc is non refundable. what a f*cking joke!!!!!
cant play on steam for now  plus we cant play cuz were not russianwell im not
i got 1 problem why is it called black ops not white ops now thats just racist ither way and why do you have to prestige  to find out whos pro?
awful
ok so i'm saying no because i had the solar eruption (a weapon) i used it i died lost checked where i died counldn't find it gone well there goes one of my best weapons unless duke fishron stole it then i don't know maybe bugged but that is just bad
geeeeeet ♥♥♥♥eed
simulador de barbie online, versão rato...sinceramente, esse jogo em 2012 era até jogavel quase nenhuma inovação em 4 anos vou lista umas coisas q observei nesses anos:-jogadores toxicos, pior q akeles jogadores de minecraft. -latencia entre 200 e 300 sendo praticamente impossivel jogar nessa quantidade. -eventos escrotos q da itens consumiveis sendo praticamente inuteis, em comparação 2012,2013 e um pouco em 2014 tinham eventos de verdade e n moedinhas para troca por coisas inuteis. -se vc for iniciante vai ser zoado até por jesus, e sua mãe vai ser comida por 30 ratos diferentes em um coito a noite.-os famosos "fodão" q só pq tem perfil acha q manja algo.-e os caras q flooda mais q akele seu primo chato q fica te enchendo pela senha do wifi.-se quiser realmente se divertir aconselho a jogar survivor. -preço extremamente alto no valor de moedas de jogo ou os queijos sendo q um pelo decente para dechar seu rato "kawai" é 4 mil queijos (vc ganha 1 queijo por partida completa q é +- 2m) em comparação com a moeda paga q é 200 morangos.-se vc for mulher, meus pesames.-funkeiros  -ja viu um rato voador ? e um virando ssj usando teleporte ? bem vai ver e ver muitos.-a vila do jogo é tipo a crakolandia, vc vai encontra ♥♥♥♥, trombadinhas, funkeiros, drogados e kid achando q são legais. -gordos, virgens q fala "oi, tbm , passa whats". ou pior "eae quer transar" lamentavel.obs:jogue por conta e risco. 2/10 <---- esses 2 pontos e por ter sido bom um dia.
don't.
if you like to laugh at crappy games and manage to acquire it for some cents, consider a buy. if not, just don't buy it and waste your money.
not even that good most units look the same. how da ♥♥♥ can japan in 300bc have the same looking ppl as me gg wp
i had a life... had...
not gonna lie runs like ♥♥♥ on the fastest
i played this "game" for 5 minutes and came to conclusion that its more fun reading an empty book.
well after 3 minutes playing, i got two guns and ammo but then some hacker came along and blew up the whole ♥♥♥♥ing map!!!!!its an alright game just beware the hackers
better than infinite warfare!!!
look, if dayz and minecraft had angry gay sex in the back of a car, then got high on drugs this is there offspring! this aid child! just buy one of those other games and have a better time.whats that? an 8 year olds saying "but minecraft doesnt have guns you ♥♥♥♥ sucker" well then just mod the game. cod playing piece of ♥♥♥♥.
before you downoload this, you need to know, its a slederman game!!!
choking the enemies is so much fun, aside from that i didnt really like this game
in 2013, producer almir listo wrote that "we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no microtransactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)" -- liar and ♥♥♥♥ you very much!
not good... just not good :( ... i wanted so much more but weeks and still no crash fix and the hype.. i will leave that alone. i like to give all games a fair go but this is just sad.
the previous batman games were absolutely amazing! can't belive the amount you guys stuffed up these time. dont understand why a game thats been made using a pc is so badly optimized for pc....
i can't say that this is a good game at all, unfortunately. while the art is charming in its own way, and the music may be to your liking... that's about all this game has going for it. not quite sure if the music really fits the game either, but to each their own. the gameplay is uninspiring, to be honest - there are much better bullet hell and shoot 'em up games around. the weapons, abilities, and enemies are all extremely limited.the main menu should be pretty important to a game, right? well, i've had issues with it locking up, and it's all just a mess - it's far harder to navigate and use than it has any right to. this is compounded by the options - not even the ability to turn off the music and sound effects? pretty poor...the value, or the lack thereof, of the trading cards (1 gem or 4 cents at the time of writing) mean that even trading cards don't really make the game worthwhile.
i guess the concept is kind of interesting... many people (myself included) quite enjoy rail shooters in arcades. so... why not take the concept, but allow people to play in the comfort of their own home. unfortunately, without the virtual gun, and with a not-quite-as-intuitive cover system, this rail shooter falls flat. whether you play with a gamepad or keyboard and mouse - the controls are slow and sluggish, and the movements and animations just don't feel right. this is exacerbated by the quick time events... probably one of my least favourite mechanics or gimmicks in any game - there is just no need for them, and they don't add anything to the gameplay experience except annoyance.additionally, considering this is on pc... the limitations of a rail shooter are woefully exposed when compared to the vast array of fps games already on the market: you are directed where to go with no freedom at all except to duck in and out of cover and pop off a few shots. even in fps games with very linear levels, at least you can look around a room: not so in a rail shooter.the audio for the game is pretty terrible, the weapons and explosions don't sound good at all. they sound generic, flat, and are of pretty low quality. the voice acting complements the poor soundtrack, with the voice actors not playing their part very well at all. this is compounded by the writing: not only is the overall plot of the game short and poor, but the dialogue is also poorly written, and is completely out of place.then there are the visuals, which look... reasonable, i guess. not great, but not absolutely terrible like everything else about this game. still, the ability to be completely blinded and be completely unable to see anything at all by sun glare and the excessive muzzle flash are both major weaknesses. realistic perhaps, but definitely not conducive to a fun game.for me, the only redeeming factor for the game is the progression, with the ability to pick perks after missions to customise your character.skippable. very skippable.
game can be fun. casual match can go for a matter of minutes so u shouldnt have trouble finding a chance to enjoy a quick round.negatives? - people tend to abuse the voting option and kick people from servers alot. can also be a bunch of negative things said to players in chat and on mic by other players.positives? -  can be fun and addictive trying to beat the other team, the more people playing in the server the more fun it is, especially when the servers filled with friendly respectful players.
cant open the game when i do a quarter of my screen goes black and then it says theres and error then it closes thanks for a waste of money
this game is dead, because of all the issues it has. apparently throwing dlc at the game fixes the issue. (sarcasm). there are less than 2000! people currently! i personally get no matches in anything, the only thing i can do is play the campaign and i didn't pay $70 for a horrible campaign. i would want a re-fund if i didn't actually like the multiplayer (when i could play it!) instead of pumping this game with dlc try some tlc and fix everything, customers do not respond well when you do not deliver! this is even worse than that e.t game, that got s h i t canned all those years ago. do not buy this game, you will get no matches let alone playable matches.
$450 bucks for a new knife ♥♥♥♥ that
at first this game was fun and awesome ton of stuff to do now before all the fanboys eat me alive i want sya somthing i had the non steam version for a while i lost so i got the steam one so i had about 500+ hours on my non steam version so i know what am talking about but there are some good things+ modsalmost all the bad things can be fixed but i am the 3% of the gamers that play the game 100% mod free atleast until i have done the games  storyline, after i had done the game i put some mods on the game and i loved it and so many of them were lore friendly +graphics the game look very good better than oblivion plus mod can make it look better - walking walking walkingi hate games e.g like pokamon cos you walk every were!!!!!!!! without being attacked by somthing and the horses a too slow - lame combat it feels so lifeless yes the animations are cool but it so annoying and the enemys god it is like they are made of steel and it gets more annoying at the end when you know your weapons should be more than enough to kill your enemys - lags and loading i don't have a $3,000 high end pc but it can play most games but god it lags alot and even if it just me i know that that the loading screens are too long!!!!!-being evil i am going to say this one time if you kill half of white run and all you have to do is pay a fee of stay in jail for a second and after that no one seem to mind that you just killed every thing in site 5/10 sorry for the bad english i am part aussie and mostly mexican
i like valve games and the fan bases mods but this one -_-it lags out your pc i you are trying to make a zombie hord mapgets old vey fast you need all the valve games to play on any server with out error and i got 75% of their gamestotal rating 5/10 needs some work
it's a good game. but it has horrible optimization and the developers abandoned it for an "enhanced version."
at the time of writing this i have 57 hours sunk in and i will continue to play it, this is my summary of the game: (will change review with they fix game)i love playing the killer, mainly the trapper, it is by far the most enjoyable part of the game. i make a lobby and imediatly rank 1s and 5s join becuase evan though this game has a rank system, it doesnt do ♥♥♥♥. the game runs on player to player connection based on the host, the host is always the killer, and because i live in a poor internet area of australia isnt good, so 2 people disconect from the game imediatly, which makes it less fun for me and probably the 2 other people. the last 2 people are rank 1s and they both have a skill which completly destroys the trappers class, so by the time they do there 1st generator, i only have 1 bear trap left out of the 12 i started with. "play a different killer" some people are probably saying, but the only other 2 killers in the game dont suit my kind of play style.my only options to play the game now are play as a laggy survivor because of said internet location, evan though i dont really like survivors, or dont play the game. you see a problem with that?
its ♥♥♥♥ and i wish i didnt buy is if you buy it you will get cancer
i like this game quite a bit, but never have i experience so many crashes playing anything before in my life. it feels like there was no where near enough qa testing done before they released this, even several patches later i cant tell if anything has changed. the hardest thing to fight against in this game is the game lotf.exe no jokefix this game and make it playable before you decide to release dlc!
no dedicated servers still. can't recommend until they have them!
audio fail... distorted white noise blaring in my ears from the title screen and continues into the campaign. i think i’m entitled to have working sound with my game :(
"we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)"remember that? well they just added microtransactions. a game with tons of dlcs, and they added micro-transactions on day 1 of crimefest, which was supposed to be "free content". that's just a slap in the face for all the veterans who bought most or all of the dlcs. you thought this couldn't get any worse? well you're wrong. where's did the 250.000 dollars prize for the paydaycon went? why is the fbi files function almost the exact same way pd2stats? hypetrain, the walking dead advertisements, completely overkill pack, more lies. the list just keeps expanding.so, is it a good game?yes, before the whole microtransactions fest.but, the stat boost isn't that big.it's not about the stat boosts, it's about them lyingshould i buy this game?nope, nope, nope, and nope. even if they removed the micro-transactions, this shows that overkill can drop a big ♥♥♥♥ you to us. go buy something else, stay away from this once good game but now ruined by overkill.
egosoft failed miserably,lied to their fan base and sold an alpha based product as finished game for full price.inexcusable!
that voice acting is... annoying.0/10, needs better voice acting
i lost interest very fast. 
unbearable...
1. fix the ai intelligence2. fix the neck rubberbanding3. fix the fatigue4. fix bugs such as not being able to heal and forced walking
okay i would really recommend this game if it weren't for some really glaring issues, which to be honest wears me down over time. for the record i'm playing in the oceanic region, so if you're not from there these issues may not apply to you. positives:-interesting take on multiplayer-diverse character roster with different traits and skills-reasonably priced (not a $100 dollars for a multiplayer only experience *cough* titanfall *cough*)-fair progression system (big surprise coming from ubisoft instead of being locked behind a micro-transaction)-solid gunplay and action-strong focus on teamwork (choose not to respect this, and prepare to get your ♥♥♥ kicked)-decent variety in scenarios and maps which cleverly blends the two aspects-genuine tense moments negatives (brace yourselves this may get lengthy):-clunky matchmaking (this is a big negative as it tends to favour hosts with high latency. more often than not i join players with 300 ping minimum, making teamwork at times impossible and being shot by laggy enemies)-frequent disconnections and slow wait times (as far as i can tell it seems it uses peer-to-peer matchmaking, reminiscent to the call of duty multiplayer on consoles. i found this especially bad in terrorist hunt, as we have 4/5 players in the lobby, i check my watch and on average i have to wait 2 minutes to find one more player! and it's always one more player! worse yet we can't start the match until we have a full roster, even then good luck because chances are you have 300 ping minimum. to rub more salt in the wound, when i leave the lobby i have to wait on average 15 seconds to reach the god damn main menu most of the time)-lazy tutorials (a bunch of short videos that show aspects of gameplay, but i had to dive into the options menu to figure out some of the damn key bindings. i figured the situations mode was a more in-depth tutorial mode, but 9/10 times i get absolutely destroyed with only a brief intoduction video to show me what the hell i am meant to be doing)-tedious ui (i have to actually be in the operator selection screen to be able to check my ping, before realising i'm bloody connected to a host in the northern hemisphere. then guess what? i leave to find another host and i'm forced into more loading times----which just adds up, and up into blood boiling rage. at this rate a random dice roll would be better than this ♥♥♥♥♥ of a system)-odd bugs that cost you the outcome of a match (inconsistent kill cams really stood out to me, as one of my team mates shot the last enemy standing escorting the hostage, yet somehow we lost the game. mind you we saw the kill cam where the enemy died and the hostage was perfectly fine. another one i experienced was the whole teams audio dropped out, there was muzzle flash but we couldn't tell where the enemy was as sound plays a vital role in this game. my whole team died and in a cruel twist of fate, the sound recovered afterwards)conclusion: i really did have fun with this game----when i had a stable connection. as i said before, these issues seem to be mainly a regional problem. i feel like i'm spoilt for choice as with tf2 and cs:go, in a click or two i'm already in a solid and stable game in little time, thanks to my server browser preferences. the game mechanics and scenarios are awesome, but in its current state i cannot recommend this. ubisoft really needs to over-haul the matchmaking system, if it wants to maintain interest in the multiplayer market long term. i don't want to feel like i'm playing a multiplayer game on a console since finding a game is inconsitent and clunky, which makes it feel dated real fast. it makes me think that the system was in fact optimised for the consoles, which is a bad sign in itself.
first time i had several problems with random crashing and blue screen. somehow managed to get past that when i updated the drivers... then i had to go through rockstar's ♥♥♥♥ty service and its insistence on having to sign in to social club. i entered the activation key (and i already made the option to link to steam) and first time it said it couldn't connect to the servers. so i'm locked out of the game, that i paid money for, and i've barely got past the title screen? not to mention it accuses me half the time of not being connected to the internet, despite everything else is working just fine.i reboot the game and wait for what feels like 15 minutes while it checks the activation key, and somehow manages to run the game no problems. the next time i start playing again i manage to sign in with my "social club" profile and now it comes up with a licence corrupted notification. now the game is unplayable despite having entered the activation key less then an hour ago.now the social hub demands that i uninstall the game and reinstall it just to reactivate the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ activation key! probably because they think i'm a dirty pirate that somehow got the game... through steam... that i paid money for...is anyone having problems like this? is there a way to fix it without having to reinstall the entire game? i'm only interested in the single player story, i don't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about the multiplayer. congratulations rockstar, you sure know how to combat piracy... by forcing a ♥♥♥♥ty service on gamers.
more like sword of the ♥♥♥♥ ii: wishes it never happened edition0/10- quality of game on release- byzantinely complex ingame wiki with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ links going nowhere and places they shouldn't- game is barely playable and a chore to actually play- lack of meaningful progress with updates
get this game if you want to control autistic people going into a battle.
so many hackers, even since 1.6 valve can't stop them. so only play cs go if you can be bothered having the timing reactions of a computer. fps for pc, and the non 1% of top players (which is probably everyone below nova 3). has become a sad pool of needy people. if you are a top 1% player, play cs go, if you cannot make top 1%, buy a hack and then you will feel elite.
nao recomendo ,eu achei bem lento o jogo e nao é muito bom,
nao recomendo
it sucks.
only tears and pain can be gained from playing this.
great humour. unfortunately the amount of spellcasting freedom is woeful in comparison to the first magicka game.gameplay was too similar to wizard wars. shameful display.
visuals are great: reminiscent of diablo and following clones.sound is decent.arena gameplay is great and promising; match by match - earn coin for upgrades / gear etc. story mode is decent (didn't play too far through.)but,physics based combat is just absurd. at first i was intrigued, but then i found out how much it takes away from the actual immersion. weapon impacts and swings don't feel responsive. eg. characters never seem to have enough "oomph' in their attacks, as if they can barely hold up the weapon itself. the headshot mechanic is finicky and also not responsive (i may be wrong, but i found whenever i landed a decent hit to an opponent it would do damage, but not nearly as much as when you are poked in the face from a reeling attack from the opponent and are instantly defeated from it.)10/10 most unresponsive and difficult control scheme imaginable.camera needs to be fixed, constantly becomes stuck on walls. limited zoom option. i found myself hindered in combat as i constantly needed to reset the camera view whenever my character went too close to a wall. (a locked third person behind the shoulder/s camera position would have been far better.)verdict: i would only get this if you are a very patient person and are willing to learn infuriating controls. hopefully they can fix those issues.
one of the most cancerous and vile communities i have ever had the unfortunate luck of experiencing. sadly some elements of gameplay, particularly the reward system which differs every year, only helps to support and reinforce the toxic behaviour that plagues the majority of the players. all i can say is continue milking the cashcow valve.
still has a long way to go.
bad gaem
stand alone expansion that has the features that feel missing from this game to actually make it feel complete. a lot of features were either missing or feel clunky.this game had a lot of promise at the start but fell short. and then the expansion is just a slap in the face for anyone that brought this game early on expecting more to be added before this game was released as a completed game
"you "earn" money. you spend money. is ironic paradox, yadda yadda."
wish i could play this with more than 20fps, sh*t and lazy port.
wish i could play this with more than 20fps, sh*t and lazy port.
this game is a good game it's fun and all but the community oh god the community it's just so bad. if your new or do one just one little thing wrong out comes the hate ray and fires it all over the place bam noob bam uninstall bam killyourshelf. i try to like the game only because it's fun and thats with friends. if  you dont have friends who play this game dont get it if you have a freidn who is good at this game sure play with him have the time of your life but dont play without friends if your new. yes some people will be nice tell you what your doing wrong but thats the same chance as unboxing something good and then they leave and your stuck with everyone else.
pi have played for like 16 hours and still havent goten enough to buy a gun.....  pay to win pay to win!!!!!
♥♥♥♥ this game got banned cause two of my team wanted to de rank so they ran into me when ever i shot.......
great game. but there are supply drops that drop weapons!!!! that u can buy for $2 each.
fallout new vegas is a game of remarkable scope, and occasionally excellent writing (albeit more in the dlc than the main game). however, it took the dedicated and unpaid work of players to fix the poor state the game was left in by the devs. as admirable as the game may be in some respects, the striking lack of polish dulled the experience for me. eg:- crashes. constant ctds, even more than its unstable predecessor, and more than any game i've played in years. obviously some systems fare worse than others, but the fact that the anti-crash patch is one of the most popular speaks volumes.- performance issues. on an i5 and 280x, framerates dropped as low as 45 in parts of the (unmodded) game. it took a fan-made settings editor and patch to get it to a stable 60 fps - and even that doesn't deal with the terrible pop-in.- bugs. a true radroach infestation. just a few:numerous approaches from a messenger telling me papa khan urgently needs to see me. after crossing the map to get there, he has nothing to say.returning from dlc and trying to re-add my companions, but the game refuses because it wrongly thinks they are already with me.getting stuck endlessly falling from a ridge, or trapped in a rock or wall (the former's the worst, as it's impossible to fast-travel out of).the other beef. "ooh, a mystery. this sounds interesting. *crash, reload* right, a mystery. ooh, the plot thickens. *crash, reload* right, mystery, plot thickens, let's get on with this. okay, this part of the quest sounds urgent - let's save this person. he's saved and...now he's stuck. *reload* saved him again, and...he's stuck. *reload* saved him and it worked! now the quest is abruptly over, breaking the rest of it, yet the game acts as if i fully completed it and solved the problem.the ncr mp inexplicably attacking me after getting a quest from the ambassador.enemies getting stuck on or, better yet, in, the landscape.all known bugs, remaining in a fully-patched game.- design choices. "hey, let's constantly take away a large chunk of the player's inventory. and let's return the items one...by...one with a sound for each. that won't get annoying..."- lazy quest design. "oh, a murder mystery. how exciting! let's talk to all the suspects. hmm..that was unhelpful...why is the quest marker pointing me to this building? what's in that safe? ...a written confession, seriously?" worse yet, used more than once - see both boone's and cas's quests.with various fan-made mods (anti-crash, anti-stutter, yup, etc), the game is greatly improved, but should it really be up to fans to fix what the developers didn't bother to address?
tedious, repetitive, arbitrary and broken. a gentle turn-based trading strategy game is welcome, but it needs decent mechanics to back it up. being perpetually stuck on the lowest possible luck, getting hit with the same few random events (some of them quite devastating) over and over again and dealing with the price mechanics which have little logic is not an example of good mechanics.the soundtrack is nice, but that's about all this has going for it.
political sims are  hard to do well. the ones that try often go for a grand scale (eg supreme ruler) and tend to fall flat. the only quite successful one which comes to mind is shadow president. democracy 2 is more confined than most, limiting the outside world and turning everything into sliders and charts. it's a nice try, but aspects of it really don't come off well at all. superficially, it seems quite good. the interface is fairly well designed, presenting most of your key info on a single screen - although the inability to change the resolution (leaving me, on a widescreen monitor, with either bits of the interface cut off or a window which can't be enlarged at all) is frustrating. there are a wide variety of potential policies, each with adjustable levels.unfortunately, the gameplay doesn't hold up. it is far to easy to "game" the mechanics - just pour money into tech and universities and suddenly you are making massive income through technological advantage, which lets you build up everything else to win votes. the difficulty comes from random, arbitrary and unfair events. random factors can completely decimate your popularity - slowly build up to an election winning lead over the course of years, then suddenly lose half your voters in one turn because the global economy drops.it's also littered with grammatical errors, rather unfortunate for a game targeted at a more intellectual audience.i wanted to like it, but found it a frustrating and unsatisfying experience.
don't be fooled by its appearance - this is an incredibly advanced game. not only is it the only jigsaw puzzle on steam, but it is the first which can read your mind. how else could it possibly know which piece you are trying to pick up and give you something different every single time on the difficult puzzles? i mean, it's not like the devs could design a game so badly as to have completely broken hit detection for selecting a piece, particularly having decided to have them all in constant motion, and then never got around to patching it...right?
whelp, time to pass judgement after the recent patch that at least fixed something bout gameplay: team balance. finally, hsl removed the blacklight prime, a license that allowed only the ppl that had to pay $5 upfront before he/she could buy any ingame items using gp (ingame currency that u got from playing)before that, the parity patch was pretty trashy-all we got as beta players were cosmetics (nice hat without stats) , a title and blacklight prime. since newbies couldn't buy items to protect themselves from toxic ammo without paying in real cash, all the veterans (vets) had to do was join the team with most vets and they would almost certainly win if they used toxic ammo and explosives the new guys nvr could get their hands on. toxic ammo does little direct dmg but can continue to down whittle ur health even after the bullets stop hitting u and also, it reduces ur max health so u couldn't heal back to full health even with the supply depot. heal injectors could help to prevent one from dying but unfortunately, its a gp item.plus, the level restriction prevented players from getting the guns or gear they wanted unless they've been playing for quite a while. after the christmas patch however there was no team balance either, not before and not now. apparently there is a system to arrange for players to be in differing teams depending on their stats (to pit the vets against themselves and so on) but if the teams were even numbered, there is nothing to prevent the players from switching teams.still no spawn protection as before. u could spawn into a mob of enemies or proximity mines (as usual).as for the mechanics: what  blr promotes as gameplay is rather infuriating, camping and gangbanging. there is no mechanics to promote fighting as individuals. going as a team is good, switching players to take frontline dmg helps as health regen will help to heal u back to half health and the moment u get a kill, u can recover to max health at a supply depot. however, there is no piercing ammo to counter this. customisation is fixed before starting a round, if u wanted to change primaries, u would need a diffenrent customised slot for 10k gp as well as the weapon itself. the problem being, u couldn't change gear that way. if ur armor or is too slow or has too low hp for the playstyle that suits u, u would only have 30s to customise before the next round. there's no preset armor build to accompany the weapon sets. 1 armor set would be used for an entire match even if u change wep sets. variety is lacking ever since the parity patch kicked in. no longer are the weapon tags (which boost stats by a little) free. no shock, no explosive nor magnum ammo. the only missions you get now are daily kills, daily wins and weekly dmg dealt (apart from headshot kills for the title). the only free skin for looking good is the daylight skin. u can no longer get the golden skin from the headshot kills achievement. u could no longer purchase the fox + cat helm and leveling only awards u with titles (at lvl 30 and above). if anything, i wished cod had the hrv (x-ray vision) and not this game. at least cod doesn't crash every few days, has ppl playing and has less absurd features like chat censorship.  or frequent crashing. still looking for the day where i'll change this review to a good one but if u were me, u'll get impatient too after a few yrs.
boring, takes a while to get ♥♥♥♥, p2w
i do not reccomend this game for mac users because you will need ubisoft on your mac to play it but you can't download ubisoft for mac so the game won't work. i think this sucks because i wasted a lot of my money to get this game.
♥♥♥♥ game
♥♥♥♥ game
terablaster feels like a very simple made fast paced retro shooter game without much to offer.when you start the game you have 1 life and have to survive through a horde of enemies which quickly becomes overwhelming to the point of almost being impossible to reach over 2 minutes alive time, by that time you will have killed about 300-400 enemies.while playing there will drop boosters which will power you up abit, making you faster, stronger and a few survival gadgets that can help you stay alive longer, boosts typically drop when you kill enemies or big grey/red boxes.when you die, then thats it and you can start over again, there is no unlocks or other kind of extra content in the game and there is one statistic menu where you can see your one highest score in minute and kills, but only the one highest, meaning no there is no list.-tldr-+music picks fits good to the game.+good action retro, very fast paced, with big hordes of enemies.+ingame boosters that increase your ships speed and power and add survival gadgets.+/-a statistic highscore is nice, but would be better with a more detailed highscore list.+/-very quick gameplay, meaning don't expect more than a 3 minute round which you can restart after death.-almost no combat view, makes it too hard to stay alive when enemies start moving fast.-annoying graphic animations that confuses gameplay abit.-no extra content or unlocks of anykind which makes the game abit doll in length.overall during early access, i will give the game a 2,5/10.p.s. i won terablaster in a giveaway from orlygift!
good and fun competitive gaming, but quickly becomes doll, because of the feeling of playing the same thing over all the time, it is missing variety in some way, im not saying its boring, its still good and fun, but its just not a game where you can expect to play it for a weekend or have a 12 hour marathon.there is only one kind of gameplay, meaning no game modes and its only multiplayer 1 v 1 online and as you increase ingame rank, having more matches done and higher winning % will make it harder to get into games with other people.there is also ingame perks and you can add 4 passive to your monkey, so while fighting it gives you a veeeery small boost, like faster running, better jumping, better wall climbing, more gun dmg or accuracy and such.the game overall is easy to complete, unlocking everything and claiming achievements is easily done.- why negative review?what makes me not recommend this game is that you can't play at all without other players and in the end it was almost impossible for me to find anyone to play against, which is abit sad, because it is quite a fun game.i would recommend this game if there were somekind of bots to play against.
i am a huge fable 1 fan so i was really excited about playing fable 3 and i wasnt able to play it at release, my pc was simply not good enough at the time.it has taken almost 60 hours to complete fully and thats counted with some afk hours as well, dinner and such... and ive done every side quest there is and really spend a lot of time on searching for chests, pleasing citizens, ive been taking my time, let me put it like that.im afraid i found the game very doll and boring in length and it also seemed to be very very childish. conversations are happening very slowly and you only have 2 options, 1 evil and 1 good, also walking around pleasing the citizens by greeting hundreds of people and doing small walk quests several times gets very tiresome and takes a huge amount of time.i must admit the start of the game gives a good impression and its fun to unlock the main chests on the spirit road and see weapon upgrades, but that is quickly done and the variety of weapons are very slim, also they even almost all look alike.the game overall if you dont complete all the pointless things, wont take too long to complete and the story mode feels fairly short and not really that exciting either.im very sad about it, but i have to say no to fable 3, i simply cant recommend this, im a huge fan of fable, but i give reviews after my own thoughts, opinion and experience through out the game and this story simply wasnt enjoyable at all and the gameplay lacked just as much, very doll and boring.
安裝中文後竟然沒有字，還是另外打補丁才有中文。 對這種類型遊戲不感興趣。
dont get this game i just found out it wont work after i could play it lucky it was only on special but still steam should of done something like tell tell us it wouldn't work just don't get it!!!!!!!!
i only have a few problems with dirty bomb from the 5 hours that i have been playing.  spawn campers, yes, the other team has the ability to spawn camp you and vice versa, it needs to be fixed, perhaps set up different spawns when the enemy gets too close to one of the spawns? matchmaking is unbalanced, for example, i am only level 5 and i have been matched up several times with people that are lvl 20 and up, they have access to much better guns/ classes and have much more experience, and really for them it would be a sinch to beat all the low ranks on the opposing team, unless we spend a good ammount of money we have to slowly grind to get the credits needed to get new classes better than the default ones, and trust me it is very slow if you never win a match. i have yet to find any aimbotters but damn, sometimes i feel the need to question it..  also from what i have seen in alot of matches, alot of the community playing is very toxic. other than that the game is pretty good but these things need to be fixed, probably not the toxic community however. that will never be fixed. for now i will not recommend this game but that could change.
♥♥♥♥ this.
went in expecting a b grade movie that doesn't take itself too seriously, and had some laughs during it and even being an avgn fan i cannot say this movie was enjoyable as a whole. way too many terrible attempts to pander to fans as hard as possible with jokes that fall flat compared to the ones that are actually funny. alot of the positive reviews just seem to be people blindly loving it because they are fans of avgn instead of seeing it for what it is. the movie just had so many cringeworthy moments it was a slog to watch. alot of terrible characters, like the sidekick who just comes off trying too hard to act and be funny. it does have a few charms and good bits. like the silly, over the top and cheesy effects similar to bad but entertaining b grade horror movies and puppets that are awful but charming.bought the movie to suppport the avgn as someone who enjoys his content, but could never bring myself to watch it again. just painful.
normally an early access game should be given a fair amount of latitude concerning reviews and recommendations, however the rampant cheating on offficial servers makes it unplayable in the long term. and yes, the official servers can and should be considered a part of the game, and therefore subject to criticism.private, whitelisted servers are the way to go, but it's hard to get any serious pvp going on those.
what can be said about primal fears? well it is an updated version of dead hoard, there just isn't really much change with this game there are only one or two variations of specimens that have a different size and skin texture but are still the same well let's go through the list.pro's-more weapons!-hub world(camp)-an arena-moveable propscon's-moveable props...(they can get in your way)-not enough enemy variation-enemies absorb way to many shots.-limited sprint 3 seconds(can't roll)useless since most enemies can catch up to you anyway.-always night.-cannot shop in peace(shop menu doesn't pause the game also cannot buy medkits)-re-used enemy jumper(which was in dead horde)-level design is dull and cliche'd.-one level can take from 15 to 30 minutes to finish depending on difficulty.-melee weapon is useless in any situation and serves as a joke when you could be spriting away for 3 seconds.overall i would say this is an avarage shooter, no real innovating ideas or any new concepts, just reused boring ideas, if you are interested in shooters and just want some mind numbing fun, buy it, if you are looking for something new and interesting, don't buy it.if you want something similer try nation red or zombie shooter which will prove more fun.
the harvest....of your wallet.the game itself fails on the most basic levels to be appealing or fun, most of the levels are empty barren and dull, the story is not to interesting to follow i only played once and still couldn't give a crap to even try once more the game feels mostly the same even if it has a few selection of characters, it will always feel long dull and to boring to maintain any sense of enjoyment or adventure.pro's3d-rendered enviroments.few selection of characters.con's- long dull levels- story is very vague and boring.- hideous enviroments- boring enemies- poor class builds- odd object placement???- becomes way to easy and allows the player to hoard more medkits then he/she will ever need.- obvious port.- very little else to do while on a mission.-the game lies-the publisher lies-ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game , ƒuck this game.overall this is boring dull and to long of a game, if you like having spikes shoved so hard up your black hole while eating a monkey's scrottum from space, then don't buy this game, even if you don't like refer to previous statement, don't buy this game.
i got this in a humble bundle, and so i decided to try it, and i am like wtf is this. the only positive thing to this is all the wird landscape and wierd animals. my favourite part is how your eyes sloly close as you hold escape, but thats about it. its a good game if you like constantly looking at brightly iluminated landscape artwork that moves, but otherwise don't buy it.
do not buy this game it actually sucks, enemy cars teleport and are invincible tyhe tutorial is just about impossible. i hate this game dont buy it.    :(
don't waste your bandwith with this game.  just think of it as the down syndrome brother of left 4 dead.  
 imporant parti would only recommend this if you want the 10 levels. everything else just isn't worth it. even then, $10 for 10 levels. i can't legitimitely recommend this for the slaughterdome. it could be good, but there are too many quirks that can't make it enjoyable. end of important part  also contains spoilers for main game restpros:- conversations between gaige & axton, some humorous moments.- one new class mod for all classes (i think) that boosts cryo damage + chance, but the skills aren't that useful.- a few new weapons, which have good effects but not worth $10- 10 new levels-some enemies seem to always drop white lasers, so you could grind them alot or use them in "to arms!"- some nice skins, including one that is unlocked for all characters (basically transforms your character into an eridian version)cons:- the soundtrack is re-used from tycho's ribs/eleseer- the only enemies you will face are dahl soldiers & eridians. the only 'bosses' are flameknuckle, a miniature destroyer, and the powersuit felicity. all 3 of these appear in the main game, only that you can't fight powersuit felicity.- in some rounds, you'll spend more time looking for enemies than actually fighting them. if the map had less areas that 'stuck out' from the main area, that'd make it better.- the enemies don't give that much xp. if you want xp fast, go farm redbelly.- very bland. in other slaughterdomes, you had a great soundtrack & variety of enemies. this is a relatively boring soundtrack and about 4 or 5 different type of enemies.
forces me to wear croc's
well so far is good but less player
i would've recommended this game if it was a bit shorter and had a more refind jumping mechanic.whilst the storyline was somewhat flaky i enjoyed it; the whole premise behind the game was interesting to me.the backstory into the main character was really interesting and sad!graphics were nice and the music was really well done, puzzles were nice but a tad on the easy side.the major downfall to this game was the controls when it came to jumping. i would spend a lot of frustrating time trying to clear a section of tedious jumps only to have my character decide not to run as fast as he was or overshoot the thing or undershoot it when he was fine before. i'd fall and have to start again. sometimes if you mess up because of it you just die and the somewhat dodgey save system would set you back further away.i had to completely quit the game at one point to reset an elevator that got stuck half way and so i couldn't get up to it, reloading the "last checkpoint" didn't do anything.also there is a lot of aimless wondering, it's not that bad as you can take the time to enjoy the seneary but then again when you've failed a jump multiple times all you want to do is get this thing finished.there were a few times when the way wasn't all that clear (mainly my fault) but coupled with the bad jumps it was frustrating at times.i wouldnt recommend it at the current price, if it was to go on sale then by all means try it out. i should mention i played using the keyboard and mouse so that may have had a negative impact on gameplay as it seems to support a controller.if you love platforming then by all means pick it up, i'm terribly into those types of games and got it without knowing it was going to consist of a lot of platforming.
title says it all, yet another boring, repetitive zombie defense game. can't wait for the sequel "enough with the ♥♥♥♥ing zombies already"
for me atleast this game feels like it would fit in better on mobile/webstore, there is also a few area's where you can glitch through boxes and just walk around the map,  it's a nice idea it really . but i just can't get into it.
the information in this review is outdated due to several major updates to the game.for me this game started off as a great wwii fps with its fast paced gamemodes and variety of weapons. h&g seemed a promising game, during the first few updates. however, the update that revamped the leveling system killed the game for me. this update completely reworked the amount point required for each rank and also poorly scaled the amount earned in battle. it seemed the game wanted me to be heavily reliant on its 'pay2win' system which involved spending lots to gain little progress.though i disapprove of its scheme to make money, i like how the idea for wwii fps has been conveyed through this game. i still recommend this game as it is still only early access and the many flaws it still has can be ironed out, as there is still time until reto-moto finally release it. to the digression of those willing to download, be wary of the game's performance, i run decent specs and it is still laggy as hell. also keep track of server maintenance as it can get annoying.10/10 - ign, "would flip a tank again."
hey it was only 60 cents, can't really complain too much. but yes the controls and camera are extremely frustrating. i probably wouldn't have quit half way through the first level if i had a controller for my pc though :( too frustrating for keyboard.
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
dafuq did i just play
i used to love this game it was a true shooter but now i cant stand to play this game for even so much as a single match, im not a fan of the jump and shoot the ground tactic about 98% of every loadout player does, taking two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rocket launchers and the jumpboots and this game is a living hell. i usually equip myself with two rifles or a combination of  a rifle and pulse, joining any game with your generous choice of weapons will reward you with at least 4 people spamming the grounds with there proximity, super slow, three round burst, hexbarrel rocket launcher. it doesnt matter if he misses (somehow) he will be reloaded in about two seconds and ready to bombard you again. attemping to kill them with an assault rifle is impossible with mr. barrel roll, super jump, rocket boots man. until i see either a nerf to launchers or a buff to all else, that makes everyone think about even having a launcher. if that lucky person you find isnt constantly spamming rockets, hes probually got a lv.3+ pyro rapid fire pulse weapon thats fire damage does more then any other rocket launcher could ever do.
solid gameplay but there's a serious problem with the spacemarine faction. team play is vital in this game but they always seem to attract the worse examples. people blatantly leaving team members to die during downstate despite safe conditions.edit - - - buyers beware, there is a a strong gap in the currently two avialable factions. you may want to let the excitement die down and the developers to adress many things, even for a die hard wh40k and shoot emp up fan. latest edit - - - the gap has become pretty much impossible to close now, even while it is obvious players from the spacemarine side has been wising up.chaos ground assault is chosen like a zerg class as every objective favors close range combat, which is not fun to play against and with. with the recent addition of chain axes which go through ga spacemarine shield, chaos is 99% guarantee to win a match with rude chaos players gloating at the same time they run the same cheap ga zergs. at this time, i have changed my scoring recommondation to negative, steer clear of this game. maybe wait for it to go into full release before purchasing, maybe once the player base starts to die, they can contemplate the massive complications that make playing this game extremely dissatisfying. one sided matches with paper mache super soldiers, this is 3rd person call of duty with flimsily designed objectives.
the game concept perfectly fits your tight knit group of friends  with the express intention of grappling with the game's core mechanics of monster hunting and taming within a server or game you host privately. all other means of playing the game can be extremely difficult or impossible to have fun with save for singleplayer for people like me who are also just fine with solo play. solo play's novelty does not wear off completely at play times, but it quickly dissipates until you can find it palatable once again.the following are personal opinions from multiplayer:open servers can be divided between two categories: - tame pve servers that provide little opportunities for new players as nearly all sustainable locations are gratuitously occupied in large scales by a small percentage of older players by placing one piece of cheap fort structure to expand vacant and useful locations. lack of available and sustainable locations to start means you will as a new visitor of an existing server will often die too fast before you are able to make any meaningful progress save for a grindey levelling system that is only made less fun and more time consuming by the limitations imposed by other older and more wealthier players.- hostile pvp servers where the same problems of pve exist and where new players will get targetted almost guarantee. dying to both other players and other entities increased in magnitudes. earlier and more established player groups dictate the meta and the limitations of new players or those who wish to play the game for its mechanics and less for the meta dictated by others. much like real life, in order to have "fun", or rather function in this digital society you need to join tribes to succeed, but not in your own terms. there is nothing wrong with team play, but you will have to learn to be completely subservient to a few and be constantly worried about their "authority" (and beyond just common manners and courtesy not to mess with other people's stuff) in public server.i recommend that if you are intent with multiplayer online, find private ones. most of the time they tell you quickly how the server operates and is much less of a wild west. if it's a pve server, they are often not as populated and more space to enjoy yourself, and pvp, not really much difference to public server. if pvp is your deal, then the value proposition is there.can't recommend it to a few, but neither can i tell others to avoid the game completely.
11/10 would not recommend, game still is broken
worst game ever
horší sem v životě nehrál.ani lol mě tak nens**** jako tady ta pi****na
horrible ♥♥♥♥ing game. wont even start up. no one downlaod this game, its a waste of time
this game sucksrun around the entire map and your fineget attacked by a bear that spawned on you and dying is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tand my favourite part it that i ran to my body and it had despawned before 4 minutes wtfand you know all my guns despawn with the body but not the axedont play this game youll get cancer
do not get this game it ♥♥♥♥en sucks in every way.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, if you are looking for a good gme dont look at this one. 0/10 would play again
if you want a game that dosnt take 5 years to load dont get this
first day i played this game i had an absolute blast. game is amazing in so many ways.second day i played this i was farmed for hours by veteran players stacking together, who admitted to purchasing the game again to play on low level servers. third day, same guys, same story.there was multiple active high level servers to play on during these times.cool game, ♥♥♥♥ (oce) community.can't recommend for oce players, you'll have a hard time learning if my experience is anything to go off.
i really just think this game is plain ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is a ♥♥♥♥ing desktop sim ♥♥♥♥ that!
warning gave me a virus!!!!!!!
sorry but i just don't like it! it is a sorry excuse for the counter strike series and the blood graphics no...j..just no! i don't recommend this game it is pretty bad!
can be a little hard at some points i give it 4.5/10
5fps....
игра не оптимизирована! при плохих настройках все работает ужастно! при ультра все работает более-менее! сначала сделайте нормальную игру, а потом уже заливайте ее в steam! да выкогда нибудь сделайте апдейт?
думаю игра хорошая и скорее всего станет еще лучшье, но тут есть огромный ,,но" оно появилось из-за школьников-нубов-неадекватов которые ругаются в чате играют ужасно, не хотят слушать и думают что они всемогушые иногда специално фидят потому что не дали перса которую он хотел(это часто случается). 70% игроков лохи и не знаю как их убрать. 20% вымираюший вид человеков которые играют нормално, не ругаются в чате и не школьники-лохушки!!! 10% нубов против них я ничего не имею: все когда-то были нубами. не рекомендую игру человекам с слабым психическим состоянием(вроде меня)!!!
игра, конечно, хорошая. не буду перечислять ее плюсы, сверху уже все описали. расскажу о недостатках игры, с моей стороны. приступаем: игра уж очень тянет в себя вкладывать деньги (не знаю как вы, но я тратился лишь на покупку игры, и то при акции, за 112 руб). постоянно замечаю баги (но их становиться меньше с каждым патчем, другое дело что с каждым патчем появлються новые).меня, как человека из cs 1.6, стрельба не устроила многим.несбалансированные режимы игры (та же гонка вооружения, как по мне лучше сервер csdm), не всегда попадаются адекватные игроки, баланс команд в соревновательных режимах-это еще та часть.
can't register the website is allwase down
cant even join a server
ну игра конечно класс,но цена ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*ц,а длс 700 р вобще аху*ли!
ну игра конечно класс,но цена ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*ц,а длс 700 р вобще аху*ли!
lag
โหลดใหม่มา5รอบละครับตั้งแต่อัพเดทเข้าเกมไม่ได้คือไร?ห่วยแตก
why i cant play multiplayer ? f10 to cancel connecthow to fix it?
i played it a few years ago, since then the australian server has been shut down. while i played it, it was fun, but got repetitive.
too many controls.repetitive game. gameplay: 6/10story: 3/10overall: 5/10i recommend you try it if you can, don't purchase it at the full retail price though.
why i can't play.
dont by this game it deltetes its self after a while
worst damn game ive played.
i used to love this game, but they ♥♥♥♥ed us up, because they reset my level, stats and even took away all my inventory items that i spent money on.
new update killed this game...quickplay is gone, pubs are now casual servers, and matchmaking queue is taking way too much time. tf2 is a great game, but now i'm just disappointed because of this. more than 2000 hours played and now this....i'm not saying that you shouldn't play the game. it's still fun but the context of removing quickplay and making pubs into casuals is just... a downside.exp system is also bugged... sometimes u don't get exp for playing as hard as you can in casual.and finally, tf2 now has an official competitive matchmaking which is a disaster.
awesome game and greta addition to the counter strike frnachise but lets be honest nothign can beat the original hwoever if css can then go has no chance.. factworth 20 though in the pack that includes the original and css, not wirth 15 alone. fact
bon et ben il y a beaucoup de choses à dire ce sur jeu, déjà je ne vous le recommande pas du tout ce jeu à moins que vous aimez le spawn kill et les insultes alors dans ce cas se jeu est fait pour vous. ensuite il est encore impossible de changer les touches (je peux jouer avec mes fléches donc je suis content xd). pour avoir des armes il faut faire des kills pour nous donner des points et avec ses points on a des armes et on est content ouais. le principe rouge contre bleu un classique et le but est de tuer le plus de rouge ou de bleu avant la fin du temps point donc le voilà (.) pour moi je lui mets euhhhhhh 3/10 donc 6/20 oui car peut être mieux et ça sera le cas car c'est un jeu accès anticipé. bonne journée à vous.
full of drm always online cba cracking this.not worth buying in a nutshell.
i cant get past the tutorial part where u do the youtube video. it is the second half where the wall opens and when i middle click the guy gos no
my grandfather smoked his whole life. i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "if you ever want to see your grandchilderen graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. tears welled up in his eyes when he realised exactly what was at stake. he gave up immediately. three years later he died of lung cancer. it was really sad and destroyed me. my mother said to me- 'don't ever smoke, don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through." i agreed. at my age, i have never touched a cigarette. i must say, i feel a slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
the game that i bought for full price but goes on sale a day later as well as beating it in 3 hours, not being able to refund it.10/10
besides the fact it says i am on a loading screen that never connects best game ever!10/10
what???:dd
jogo é legal mas n curti nada dele
horrivel jogo muito bug , só é bom em algumas coisas agora bug? bug da ultima fase tu n consegue quebrar nadaai tu tem q reiniciar, outro q personagens q voam bugam em alguma coisa q prenda-os e vc tem q se matar para liberar. jgo é legal mais o bug deixa esse jgo um lixo um bosta
rust used to be fun before the major overhaul, nekmin poison seeped into the community that was already poisoned-laced. our beautiful mountainside base was wiped, ofc as it was the major overhaul, but it was a very good base. great memories made there, but now 12 year olds throw axes at you when you just want to cut down a damn tree. why? well perhaps it's because they were on the lower end of the spectrum when they played cod. i hate you all. i love rust but hate you all.
i luv tis game is good
tis is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game i have ever played worst than league of legends
as much as i would do anything to like this game, it just isn't possible in its current state.pros:- realism and overall immersionimmersion:as a world war ii history enthusiast, especially the history of armoured vehicles, i was excited to use my favourite weapons and vehicles in a fun but immersive environment. it is true, the environment and the atmosphere is tense and realistic - but not fun.cons:- pay to win (not as much as other games but still noticable)- bad optimisation- bad matchmaking system and vehicle pairing- no asian/oceania servers (though could probably afford it thanks to the first con)microtransactions:there is so much paid content in this game and a heavy reliance on purchasing premium currency to progress without sprending countless hours to unlock a new weapon or vehicle, before spending even longer earning the money for the overpriced weapons.optimisation:no matter what i do, i can't help but find myself suffering from immense performance issues, despite graphics settings.matchmaking:as i mentioned earlier the environment is not a fun one. this game seems overly biased towards the allied powers, and the matchmaking of armoured vehicles in particular is complete trash. i recently purchased my jagdpanzer 38t (hetzer) medium tank destroyer. i took it into battle for the first time before being spawn-camped by m4a3e8 shermans and m18 hellcats, both of which were not widely used against hetzers. in fact, my vehicle cannot even penetrate the front of the sherman, which were well known as lightly armoured tanks (if they were m4a3e2 jumbos it would make sense, but ir wouldn't be historically accurate - again).asia/oceania server:non-existent. there seems to be a fairly large community of players in the asia and oceania regions, who both have to deal with locally-hosted skirmishes and nothing else. war battles are dominated by american and european players and so the servers have several hundred ping (300 approx.).overall thoughts:this game looks promising but is incredibly dissappointing. if these issues are fixed i will consider coming back to this game. i rate it a 5/10 unless you are a mr or mrs moneybags who can stuff the developers' bank accounts with cash.
pc is ready, wallet is not
ew
you dont actually play the game, frieken title troll. i hate u
as much as the game looks awesome, nut it isnt because there is so much bugs and stuff. for example, sometimes i shoot a npc it took a bit of time before it actually deals damage to it, and hackers srsly? they shredded our health withing a few seconds. mainly after completing the main story is all about the dz full of griefers. so if anyone is reading this thing pls do not buy this darn game!
the game is a bit hard for start up and the credits earn each round is so less can't even have a proper start up plus so less maps to play in ,not just only me people will get bored too plus the mercs price is expensive so if u want my support pls lower the price!
valve pls put this game on mac
great gamegreat graphicsgreat gameplayfree to "play"- downloads game- opens it- runing at @ 30fps- turns video settings down- attempts to learn all bindings- makes a character & joins a server- spawns in all hyped- gets shot from unknown angle- >:(- spawns in again- gets shot from the same guy- >>:( "ill get him this time"- buys $45 gun which is advertised as "superior"- spawns in and dies from the same guy again- gets teabagged- throws mouse at window*achivment unlocked*rage quitfinds out how to uninstall the game with just a keyboard(update)- reinstalls and relogs into the server- gets addicted and throws wallet at the screen[the very next day]*callfrom your bank saying your in debt**dies from heart attack*
space engineers is an amazing space exploration game (now planetary exploration), as i played the beta i was suprised by its amazing unique features that other games have not seemed to scratch the surface of, most of these voxel open sandbox games get boring after a set of hours but with space enginners the set of hours has not been reached yet, although its fun building and driving machines, the grind to build may be tedious for players with low tolerance.i loved space engineers at first with the amazing concept and gameplay although now im lead to dissapointment as it cannot run at the same settings it was, as i use to get an eazy 60fps on 900p but now. i stuggle to get above 10fps will minimal settings @ 720p which has angered me and unable to play the game at all in some instances where the game would instantly crash. although the game is amazing and the concept is smart. space engineers has deteriated in performance for not just my rig but others with high end rigs stuggling to hit 30fps in 1080p (medium settings). its a shame to see such an amazing game become unplayable and not fun to open to play with friends as you will always end up crashing the server due to bugs or unable to controll you character due to frame rate <10.i loved this game in beta and i wish i was able to recomend this (which i could if it was the same game it was last year) but at its current build with its current features and issues i cannot as the updates break the game further and further. (at least for me)
this game is really bad, i think that anyone that see's the trailer thinks it is good, that y i got it. but it is decieving and is really bad to play! do not get it!
i'm sorry, i didn't even receive the winter gift....
this game is no thing but a waste of money and it's crap crap crap, when youre able to get into a world or realm or server which ever your prefer to call it, it lags like heck! it's so badly made that when you spawn youre somewhere unknown on a beaach how stupid is that.. naked and if you try to swim you drown.. yeah thanks for that.. i would not recomend this gmae to anyone at all.. i thought it be great but its nto evne finished.. good luck with htis crap game, all they are doing is gaining money by putting it up on sale when it will be free late ron when released.. sucks a$$ holes.. just a note, real all the bad reviews 1st so you can understand..
it. is. horrible. dont download it.
pros:easy to unninstallcons:everything
i would try to say something positive about this game because i already posted a review [now deleted] complaining but what is there positive about this game? the game developers have just basically released assault squad but slapped a 2 on the side of it, as well as this they add the original games missions in to make up for the lack of content. still same game engine, no graphical improvement, if there is i cannot tell. nothing real exciting as a whole. and to make the game "better" they start releasing "dlcs" such as iron fist [tank combat] which ads 2-3 missions in which all it does is lock your camera view, and airborne [self explanitory] in which the almost same thing occurs, a small hand full of missions is released, as well as "bots" bearly functional ai which should've been in the base game not labled as dlc and getting people to pay for it just for extra money. the only semi-decent thing this game even has is mod support, some of the mods are better than the base game itself, and are even free.to me this game is unplayable without mods.and do yourself a favour, if you already have assault sqaud, don't get this game, but if you don't mind numerous bugs, crashing multiplayer, underwhelming graphics and single player campaigns, dlcs aimed to make you pay more money to get features which should've been in the base game and a overall disappointing game for any real strategist out there. if you don't mind all this than this "game" is for you.
waste of space for the following reasons:one: being it lacks what other zombie apocalypse survival games have, attention to detail and depth. better off playing one of the zombie survival ones from the dead island series, resident evil etc.two: its free for a reason.3/10. not reccomended whatsoever.
online function doesn't work, at least not on some hardwaresbuy it, try it, get a refund if it doesn't for you
เซิฟเน่ามากกกก...
idont know but its white screen on my laptop so sad :((
fake game i buy it and start it already game crash report lose money damn not good game
i don't know why, i've tried changing all my settings from high to low and i am always on 20fpsi have a i-5 8gb ram geforce gtx 750 so why can't i run the game?
laggy af and crashes often. bad news.
you can only play offline games but you can't play online games, definitely not recommended! wasted my money on this ♥♥♥♥
i can summarize this game in one word - abandonware.
 game is dead! if you are thinking about buying this game because it looks like fun, just don't. save yourself the $10 and go an buy a different game as there is no one online playing this game anymore. you have been warned! do not buy!!!!!! 
no jest no this is jest noooooooooooooooooo
dafaq is this brain dead piece of crap game.i'm glad it was free, so i didn't have to waste my damn money.
if you like zombie games, then i would not recommend this one cos the controls are ♥♥♥♥ and the gameplay is dull. you are better off playing l4d1&2. 2/10
a game that waste people's money ,  dont let the tag deceive you
i don't like thisit is better to go back to smoother l4d2 animations.
it is a good game but obviously overpriced.
still kind of rubbish after a year of release.
creepy game, scare my heart out.
the first update was perfection. omni's hit 'urban metaphor' made this game have a ton of hope and potentialthe second update changed the background and some other stuff. the song was still there, which was awesome. my love for this game was playing this one song.now, this update completely took out the song, with a ludicrous background and annoying enemies. it wasn't broken. the game was absoloutley freaking epic how it was before. this new update ruined it's potential. and with a whopping 20 dollars on an indie beta game, just... no. bring back the old version. urban metaphor was the bomb.
played game for 10mins and finished... i can tell she is depressed she needs to see filthy frank asap
♥♥♥♥
it is a ♥♥♥♥ game, i can't even join lobbys. i have been trying for ages but it doesn't work.
it is a ♥♥♥♥ game, i can't even join lobbys. i have been trying for ages but it doesn't work.
its horrible why would you even put it under steam i cant even login ♥♥♥♥ing uplay ♥♥♥♥♥
not happy jan
literally changed the entire game 3 times, first two were great but the last change was the worst thing that ever happened.
after 3 month, i still cant run the game -_-
i saw the games ad and thought, "looks great, plus i am bored, lets give it a try" once a downloadad the game, i was lagging, the loading screen took way to long, the animations were ♥♥♥♥, the player models were plain. its just a bad remake of counter-strike. i dont think i want to play it anymore. i mean, they hardly even worked on the gun models for this game. but, the fact you can ride in cars and take hostages as sheilds is pretty cool, other then that the game is just like a better version of cod.
un cancer
y mira que puedo decir.... no carga nunca los servidores y aparte hay que registrarse en una pagina en otras palabras, es un cancer
if you live in argentina...this is the worst game ever 
remove r8 pls
my ♥♥♥♥ing characters are goneeee!!!!!!!!!! all my crap is gone!!!!!!! i bouaght 8 candy keys and now i have nothing i got kabamed fuuuuuckkkkkk
don't buy it. it's pretty boring, the old ace of spades is better. much better. and since i'm brazilian, i can't play with a ping more than 100ms. and people only play tdm, zombies and sometimes classic.download build and shoot or openspades. it's free.build and shoot is the classic ace of spadesopenspades is the classic ace of spades with better graphics.
what a piece of trash
very laggy and not supporive in oceania. russians 4 lyfe
too many updates just updated it yesterday and i need to install another ♥♥♥♥ing update
cant even play i just get a flashing black screen
this sucks i thought it was dlc thanks for the ripoff
repetitive gameplay, nuff said about it.
그냥 학살게임 인간사냥게임이다 잘나가는사람은끝까지잘나가고 처음산뉴비는 사냥감이되버리는게임
baddddmore bug and noob graphic
没有官方中文的怨念
i used a 4 year old graphic driver, it randomly crashes. then i upgraded to the latest driver, it got even worse. if you hava a nivida card, make sure you're prepared to deal with its infamous black screen problem which remains unsolved for 4 years before purphasing it. the current official answer to fix the problem is to 'downgrade your driver'. make sure to check their official forum to see how many people complaining about it before giving money to greedy ubisoft!!!
es una terrible bosta un juego injugable no!!! lo recomiendo para nada es una terrible cagada anda demasiado mal estuvo 6 años en early access y no lo actualizan. esta lleno de bugs (errores) y lo peor de todo es que no me lo quieren rembolsar en verdad un robo
无人深空真的没有人！
人要犯賤就像來大姨媽，攔都攔不住。外掛橫行的暗區，bug遍地的明區，香脆可口的土豆服務器，官方曖昧的處理態度……這一切足以給這款遊戲判上死刑。然而為什麼我毅然決然的玩了300小時？因為我犯賤——引人入勝的末世主題，令人上癮的槍械手感，拳拳到肉的物理打擊，真實流暢的畫面體驗，豐富多變的技能搭配……無可否認，剔除遊戲環境的影響，全境封鎖將會是一款出色的遊戲。我能玩到了fallout（末世主題）、暗黑（洗刷刷）、魔獸世界（副本+裝等）、cod（槍械系統）、gta5（第三人稱射擊），可惜ubisoft將其定位成一款網遊，由於缺少如billizard一般的鐵石心腸與敢想敢做，全境封鎖很可能毀在ubisoft的手上。我也曾記得過魔獸世界的奧金斧bug？曾記得暗黑3的現金拍賣行？神也會有錯，之所以封神，亡羊補牢，時尤未晚---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------修改評測：我還是太年輕了！居然有以上如此輕浮的期望！這遊戲我只會推薦給我的仇人！！！！
the most laggiest game i have ever played.it's cool but it lags way too much (and my computer still has alot of memory in it.). i don't reccomend. if your computer can handle everything and like fps's then it might be okay, otherwise no.edit:holy ♥♥♥♥ you need to pay for tons of stuff in this game.
私は怒って過ごしたことはありません¬¬
what was once a terrific, skill-based and popular first-person-shooter is now a piece of trash. every time you join a server, there will always be ~2 hackers. after playing this for +1500 hours and suffering wraths of toxic hackers, you ought to save up your $15 usd for a better first-person-shooter. the dream is dead.
处理器: 英特尔 core i7-4790k @ 4.00ghz 四核 显卡: nvidia geforce gtx 970 ( 4 gb / 索泰 )  。。。。。。。。。。。。。。这配置玩这游戏居然还会卡顿，一秒顿一下，难道得四路泰坦加5960k才能玩的起？？？？？？？？？？？、、实在坚持不下去了，就当8刀喂狗了！！！！！！！！！！优化渣渣渣
游戏是好游戏，可惜注册帐号太反人类，索尼就是坑爹货，我从凌晨4点一直到早上7点帐号都没验证成功，老是弹出wrong username or password.好吧，然后我就一直在修改密码，密码修好，还是这样，那我就验证帐号，哈哈哈，以为这下可以了，但wrong username or password.我芒，我想知道到底怎么不对了
不行了……我受够了……这游戏太无聊了……整个游戏就是一种不明觉厉的状态
worst purchase of my life
♥♥♥♥ this game, do not buy this game, if you kill someone their whole team will votekick you and you will be banned from the server. worst game ever. if they remove votekick feature then it is a pretty good game.
its a great game but its unplayable, keeps ♥♥♥♥ing crashing every 5 seconds. this game is broken
region is banned ?????????????????????????
please do not hide negative reviews, they help people to understand the upside and the downside of the game is.
많이 많이 팅겨요 제컴터가 그리 안좋은게 아닌데 .. 하 ,,, 그래도 게임 자체는 신선하고 좋아요 개적화지만
내 시간 돌려줘..... 제발....... 부탁이야....제발....고작 손운동 정도 했단 말이야....제발.... 부탁이야....시간을 돌려주면.... 찬성이라도 해줄게... 제발... 내시간좀 돌려줘...
사람과 서버가 없다 유저들의 매너에 취한다 애드온맵 하기도 힘들다그렇다고...
다 좋은데 말이야아프리카bj 짓 한다고 지랄하지말자그리고 초딩새끼들이 유명bj보고 이겜 처사서 이제 급식충들 게임이 되었다 내가 3년전에 이갬했을때는 급식충 게임이 아니라 정상적인 게임이였는데지금은 시발 완전히 급식충 냄새 풍기는 게임이 되었다서든이나 처해라 급식충 새끼들아 제발;;;
absolute ♥♥♥♥.
the birth of a cancerous fanbase.
waste of money i liked ace of spades when it was a not a knock off of tf2 and minecraft.
crashes and lots of bugs. nevertheless, it may be fun to play with friends. i fully understand that this is a modification and it is unstable even on high-end pcs.
seemed like a good game at first, except for the fact that it does not run too smoothly, it is not my conputer's fault, but the game itself is designed to the point that it is a bit glitchy and seems like it's going at about 21 fps. also motion sickness as many others have mentioned is another major thing. playing it even for 10 - 20 minutes makes you feel sick or dizzy.
i know i haven't played this game for long as it says. but there is a reason for that. this game is almost unplayable for me, sure the campaign is alright, works but continuously glitches for me and bodies get stuck in weird positions, maybe that's just my computer but i have a high end laptop and had to set the game to the lowest settings. multiplayer is a whole different thing, however still very disappointing. i played the co-op exo survival mode and died every within 2 rounds because the game would lag, i was in my own private server, lowest settings once again. this game uses up to 40% of my cpu and that is crazy, slowing my computer down a fair bit. anyway, whenever i try to play online at any given time, it takes a while to find a game (because no one seems to be playing it either), and then once a game is found it will load and just before it goes into the level, the game crashes.0.1/10 would play again in a decade and then remember it was crap. buy and play at your own risk. i would recommend getting the game on console instead, but apparently they are having similar issues with multiplayer.
i haven't played this game for that long and there's a reason for that.it is probably the worst game i have played in terms of how it runs, and mainly being the bugs and glitches. i just bought it and was so excited until i couldn't even launch the game. i finally fixed that issue, which then lead to another issue. the screen resolution was set to 320x240 (something like that, not even sure because i couldn't read anything on the screen. i had steam notifications popping up telling me my friends were playing a game and the notification would cover the entire screen after a while of mucking about i finally fixed that, so again, i was happy to get started. once i started the game, i joined a random server, my graphics were set to highest and so the detail is pretty good but there is a lot of work to be done (glad i'm not developing it), there were some rendering issues and magically disappearing zombies, amongst many other things....long story short, i have given up for now and will wait until the full version is announced until i keep playing this game.also, i do know that this is alpha and it is expected to have many issues. i'm simply saying that i wouldn't really bother to get it now if i were you as it (for me), is almost unplayable. :(
it is still too early to recommend buying this game. i know it is a beta and has not even come out as a proper game but this is the exact reason why i don't recommend it as of yet. this is due to many bugs and glitches that occur, such as walking through objects which can get you stuck inside the object, combat can be unresponsive at times, and a lot more than just these examples. apart from this, i do find the game fun to play especially with friends or a team. food and supplies are scarce so it is quite challenging to scour the land to find such things. massive map so far that could even expand a lot larger. i'd have to say 50/50 with this game. i like it because of the fun and experience you get from it, but moreso that i don't because of the attention the game needs on fixing bugs and the like.
does not compare to fallout 3 or new vegas.simple pro's and con's summary.pros:nice new and improved perk systemgraphicsweapon attachmentsmods (still a shame that features that should have been in from the start are required as mods).choices impact storydecent plot-twisttinker tomcons:miniscule amount of quests/missions for a bethesda gameminimal effort put into building mechanics by game devs, could be great and add replayability if improved. minutemen questline is uninteresting and repetitivelegendary weapons from legendary enemies. why would something that encourages farming be introduced to a fallout game...dialogue systemvats is stupid, you can just hide in cover and only pop out when your ap recharges to kill enemies easily.end-game, powerful armour is almost exclusive to power armoursbugsvoiced protagonist, would be nice to have the option to remove or change. rpg's should allow the player to create their own character and the voice feels limiting.annoying inventory and hard to use map (roads not easily visible).if i hadn't bought on a steam key site i would refund. also to think people in australia paid $110 for it.
micro-transactions were recently implemented despite the developers promising that there wouldn't be any.
♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ !.f .u .c .k
♥♥♥ ci w dupe gejben !!! daj mi kose!!!!
gutes spiel doch leide gibt es viele hacker schade :(
waste of money so far.
this game has wasted my life i have played since 2006. at first it seems boring and think this game is stupid but then after a while you get addicted it is absolutly no fun at all just press 1 button to kill something and keep doing that over and over until u lvl up.but the desire to get new better equipment keeps you going grinding forcing yourself to play through this boredom for better equipment.since i started playing so much stupid random things have been added so much that any person who is not willing to play litrally 24/7 could not possibly do everything or obtain everything on this game, but you could pay nexon of course and save all that time to get your rewards and obtain whatever you want as long as nexon gets into your wallet.this game is pay2win nexon and the most greedy corporation you could imagine i played for sooo long at know the ins and outs of this game but still im considered a noob because i have bad damage and equipment because i did not pay any money for equipment or damage therefore i am noob even though i know exactly how this game works, have played for ages the fact that no money was spent i have very low damage.nexon do not care that your accounts get hacked their support system takes ages to get back to you and when it does get back to you they do nothing to help you anyway. hackers run the game and nexon pretends that they care. if you did pay money for this game and want to buy end game equipment well guess what? nexon says that is illegal your only allowed to carry 10b at one time and end game equipments can be worth 100b+ making scams easier. don't waste your time with this game... unless you are very rich and willing to pay thousands of dollars for some pixels.
played about 200 hunred games won 90 of them so i was pretty ♥♥♥♥ but then i got vac banned for no reason
private meeting with the school ped was more fun than this.
almost been a year and they still haven't introduced online play or at least lan. i don't recomend purchasing this game in it's current state.
dear developers ....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\.. we cant play that ♥♥♥♥ they dont let us!
aff...toda a hora que eu vou jogar o jogo da crash e mesmo eu permitindo ele no firewall n da...esse jogo deve ser muito ♥♥♥♥ mais n da pra jogar direito...eu não recomendo e tb recomendo.não recomendo pelos erros e recomendo pela jogabilidade...
worst game ever everything! yes everything! is pay to win! you have to pay for weapons which have a time limit!and if you run out of blocks you have to pay $1 to get 50 more! even for things like glass windows! you even have to pay to test your map! 0/10 worst game ever!
all of the units and buildings are invisible! :(
extremely disappointed in overkill, they have seriously let me down, i thought they were one of the best developers i had ever seen, finally no need for micro transactions, i thought to myself, a bit too much dlc, got sick of it by the tenth, but thought, hey i can deal with this, but now effectively dlc were you have a chance to get the item, that they could easily have added in a dlc, but no who needs to spend money on making new gun models, right? ♥♥♥♥ing disgusted in overkill, and especially almir, you will not get a single cent from me ever again, sick of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t creeping into really good games, it ruins the whole experience.p.s. used to love this game, thanks a ♥♥♥♥ing lot overkill.
r.i.p payday it was a good game until the dlc incidentpayday gang now wants to steal your wallet 
this game made me gay -2/10
spend your money elsewhere. this title, similar to the arma series in terms of ѕhittiness and just generally being gay, is inferior to call of duty in every way - to the point that valve has refused to host its ѕhitty sequels (battlefield 3, battlefield 4, and battlefield hardon) on the steam storefront in favour of the top titles such as ghosts, advanced warfare, and black ops 3. recommendation is to avoid purchasing this and purchase any call of duty title that is currently in your price range.
umm i dont own this why are they letting me review
this game simulates homoerotic "warplay" between factions of strikingly phallic so-called "worms" (but it's actually quite obvious they're pen-ises)personally, i find this title to be one of the filthiest examples of subtle homosexual intrusion into our children's bedroomsas a sane, god-fearing man of the cross, i am unable to endorse this title as i do not hold sexually deviant inclinations. however, certain types may find this title to be their cup of tea. if you're one such perverted queer, please remove me from your friends list at your earliest conveniencethanksrichard dickers au
this game probably gave me the worst type of aidsfor starters, this game is not mlg™. theres not even any multiplaer. the grafic are so fkn bad i wanted to vomit all over my new alienware™ system & keyboard, these grafic must have been from like 1982 or some ♥♥♥♥. finally this games got one of the dumbest most anally straining premises and plotline. i couldnt complet the 1st level this games so bad. honestly thsi trashbag of a title really needs to take a hint from the latest call of dfuty games and/or the latest xbox one™ titles. -69.9/10
scientology and science fiction combine to bring you the elder scrolls v skyrim . 2001's game of the yar has players unlocking the elders to the scrolls of ovlibion 1/10 ws poor atempt try agian bethedsa™ jewish softworks
really ѕhitty game with very bad graphics. also they ripped the idea from the new black ops 3 which has better graphics and theres actually guns in it.
very poor accommodations for the lgbtq+ community. no same-sex marriages allowed and only playable genders are cismale and cisfemale
if you read my other review for toy soldiers: complete, then sadly this review is going to be the complete opposite. toy soldiers: war chest is simple not worth the money that it asks for £11.99 (for the standard game) and £24.99 (for the hall of fame addition). although it includes characters from different franchises you have to pay £3.99 for the privilage of owning that character - such as gi joe and cobra which is a real kick in the teeth! but the game forces you to do this as the basic armies are crap! the only playable basic army is the ww1 german army, the rest are boring, stupid and a waste of time. on top this the game is meant for a console, you can't control aircraft because they do a million flips if you sneeze or move around (plus they are so weak!), the gameplay is repetative and boring, additionally none of your friends have the game or players who have the game don't do multiplayer.to conclude:if you are looking for the following items in this gameno or limited funbad/mediocre reviews (check out gamespot or ign if you don't believe me)expensive (£11.99 standard or +£3.99 for dlc or £24.99 for full game)lacking in gameplaylacking in friends and other human being who play this game!4 base armies - only 1 playablemicrotransactions -game currencyuplay the most pointless and worst system if to be invented by mankind! which you need in order to create an account and play the game!ubisoftone massive leap for mankind and the franchise going backwards!then this is the game for you!0/10 would never play until the day i died - ign*note i do like the game, it is fun but unless you are a toy soldiers fan and are willing to put up with these pull backs. then unfortunatly this game is not for you, and for this reason i cannot recommend it unlike toy soldiers:complete which is the best game of the franchise.
i really enjoyed the look of this game and being able to play it. sadly nobody plays the game anymore, which is very disappointing as it only has multiplayer. therefore i cannot recommend it to anybody.
this mod is a compleat disaster and it's one of the worst mods i have ever had to sit thought. when you make a mod for the clasic half life you have a lot of potental at your hands to make something really fun and entertaining. but with this pile of ♥♥♥♥ i'd have more fun doing an excort mission on expert. first of this mod, that is only 30 minites long, feels like it has to take two whole miniets to load. the mod even almost kills you at the start by having a head crab almost hit you. the pacing of the game is terrible. here's what happens.-shot zombies-shot alians-shot solders-shot more zombies-kill the final and disapointing bossthe final boss for this mod is a total disapointment that isn't even a threat to you. and you better have full health before you face the final boss becasue you have to drop down a deep fall that can kill you if you dont have enought health. i had to restart the mod just to finish it and thats a case of poor leval desing. there is only one voice actor in this and he sounds like he dose not even know how to do voice acting at all. i'm glad this is a free mod and not a actuall game. if i paid money to play this i whould of been very disapointed. why this was greenlighted i will never know. the only place this mod belongs is the recycle bin. and thats where my copy is going.
i  have download it and payed 22$ i was happy i gotit and as soon  as i open it erro crash 6-1-2016 was not happy until that is fix its a thubs down
when i play for some reason in my weopeon crafting everything goes black and in-game everything is black too and i think this is just stupid can anyone help?
seriously, save your money this game is horrible.. also most of the time your lucky to find anyone actully playing it.i know thats it's technically free to play but it gives you an option to upgrade for $10.. don't.. just don't
i aint givin no ♥♥♥♥♥
pay to win... pay to win... it's just f***ing pay to win.you literally have to pay to get everything. and the lag though. holey crap.plus, if you are germany, you instantly win like wtf man and the hit detection and ranking thing and the friends system are all just bulls**t. plus, you always get a connection problem if your internet is not the best.never play this game ever or you will regret it.
well, first thing's first, right now there isn't much content. this game only has hotlaps and race against a.i. which does tend to get boring. however, graphics are quite nice and gameplay is real smooth. controls work well for the keyboard, but i gave up trying to calibrate my controller because callibration thing was dodgy and really hard to understand for me, though i think that's more of a personal thing. while i don't particularly dislike this game, i would say just hold off for a little while and wait until a few issues are fixed and more content is available. if you can get it cheap, go for it.pros:- great graphics- quite realistic- has a lot of potentialcons:- not many gamemodes- gets boring after a while- (?) controller callibration is dodgy. - developers have bit of negative reputation.tl;drdon't buy yet, wait for fixes and more content.
there's no bloody hitboxes and the game is so unbalanced. you can't even aim in this bloody game and it is absolutely dreadful. the game trys to imitate cod but failed so damn hard. the only good thing about this game is that it is small. also, if you live in sydney, australia, you cannot find a server under 180 ping. boo developers. also, fail attempt at imitating cod or cs.people go play cod or cstrike! they are much better games and yes i said it, even cod is better
it's not that fun cus it's bullcrap + itis so unstable
tf2 was my favourite game until the meet your match update. i started playing overwatch but tf2 was still my favourite. but valve rushed to beat overwatch and added a heap of similar things to tf2 that could be seen in overwatch. this game is now crap. valve is trying so hard to fix the game. i can tell you how to fix it in one sentence. get rid of meet your match. don't install until the fix the game. they should pay. those greedy bakas at valve.
needs finishing. probably shouldn't have been released this early in development
challenges don't work, events also don't work. don't even get me started on multiplayer. freeroam is just bad in general and the game is badly optimized. not worth money not even worth the time of downloading it. this is the most broken game i have ever played and even quitting it caused it to not respond. i feel sorry for anyone who put money into this piece of broken crap. don't buy it for the love of god.
why looking for negative review when it is the best game ever? :)
i wanted to enjoy this game, and there are some creepy/scary moments but my god the character you control is so fustratingly noisy it puts me off the game.call me nit picky if you will but the character sounds like he must be wearing plastic bags and concrete boots with all the rustling and stomping he makes as he does a simple task such as walking. he for some reason can't just close a door either, no no he must slam that sh8t out of any door you try to close. then there is the sounds of his breathing which i understand are meant to be him being in a state of panic but it just sounds like he is having a heart attack to me.i just can't help but think that if i was in this situation i would be trying to be as quiet as i can as i snoop around a bloody horror scene, not slamming doors!as i have already said i know this is picky but f8ck me i wish my caharacter would just try to be quiet.
good game id ♥♥♥♥ it twice more ahahahahahhaah good game jk ahahahahaah jk about that jk good game overall said no ♥♥♥♥ing one ever.jpg
♥♥♥♥ing idiot russia
if you really want to play a pay 2 win card game go play hearthstone. at least then you can be green jesus.
something smells fishy.
♥♥♥♥ you overkill. you said no microtransactions...what kind of developer lies to their most dedicated fanbase????-from a player who owns pdth and pre ordered payday 2
la idea es buena pero le falta un poco mas de trabajo para mi gusto me gustaria ver un como va avanzando este juego espero que la beta sea mejor
this game is filled with smurfs and hackers dont even bother.
realy bad game in general..... gearbox say its "our choice" in how we play the game...but then they nurf drop rates and guns we enjoy using. do not buy this game!!! the season pass is a rip off as well. stick with borderlands 2 . do not buy this game i fell sorry for whever pre-orderd this game because you only got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc worth $5  
meh
planetside 2 is a fairly decent game and has a lot of great concepts... but. its just really pay to win, all the players who pay money for extra credits and such just feel so much more powerful, as a group a bunch of free players might actually get some stuff done but when i play alone and theres not to many people around i just get absolutely smashed by op people in various vehicles with all the latest gadgets and such. it makes it feel like in order to enjoy a game the devs are forcing me to pay real money, a few people say its possible to get everything it just takes a while, it's kind of like saying play all day everyday just so you can actually play the game. this isn't right and feels like the devs are trying to exploit players by giving paying members way more then a free player can imagine.
add it to the list of games that had such amazing potential but ended up becoming the game form of eb games. expensive, trash, constant new update huge revamp sale sale sale
play on mac, crash when you try to join or make a game
i've played 32 mintues too  much of this game.
graphics arent very goodi use a steering wheel and the force feedback is all wrongyou cant change controls while racing. so if you need to and your in career you either have to wait until the end or throw away the race and then you cant recomplete itif you just bump a fence or something like that it pulls the whole car aroundall the stages within a rally look exactly the same. if you go stage 1 and then stage 2 you will find that they have the same corners which makes for really boring gameplayi love the wrc but they deffiently should get someone of better quality to make their gameive played online free to play games that are better quality then this
i lost my account my character is blanked out there goes my  50hours of gameplay with a single character gg
this is still in early access? lol
not recommended for the price of $34.99 usd. its just a new map, mostly reskinned units, addition of 10 or so units with new weapons and a handful of new vehicles. while it has more content than previous dlcs, its not worth $34.99wait for sale $20 and under
yeah nah like this game is no good. too easy, pretty much an on rails shooter you see at the arcade.
it's great that alot of japanese console games are coming to pc but please add controller support. i like using my mouse and keyboard for cs go, dota2, wow, etc... but if you're going to put console games on pc please add controller support so they can be played the way they were originally designed to play. for console platformers as well pleae. thanks
i hate this game in so many ways, but was going to give the shadow falls dlc a try. i can't download it. i know how to, but instead of downloading it, it launches the game and the new story mode is in grey and can't be accessed. sometimes in the past i have finished playing and it says "error blah, blah, blah... sometimes it doesn't load. wtf capcom? what happened? you put no arcade mode into the game!!! that launhched the arcade mode and... forget it. fix the game and i'm going to contact valve to give me a new copy that will hopefully work... stay away from this piece of ♥♥♥♥... rip capcom 1991-2009
i have hardly played this game yet so far it seems to have a wonderful world with imagination and atmosphere. so good right?i know it's pc and consoles are the main concern of programmers, but put a vsync option into video options you lazy programmers or i will get a refund. i for one am tired of the little things that the pc community has to tolerate cough 'batman arkham knight' cough and many others. i am not an idiot and i realise this is small in comparison to the aforementioned nightmare of a port, but as a pc gamer i'm getting sick of even the little things and as this continues my xbox one, playstation 4 and wiiu are starting to look so much more attractive. patch your game!
literally the ♥♥♥♥♥est game ever made. very poor controls very poor gameplay and even poorer ''difficulty''. xbox failing hard with the mechanics of their own game makes it very hard to get anywhere. game is an unneccessary waste of time
i cannot stress enough how much i hate some hitboxes in this game...
you guys think your wait times are long? mine got so high the game stopped showing it.now it just says "ls:queue position: 1000+".waiting simulator 2016
you guys think your wait times are long? mine got so high the game stopped showing it.now it just says "ls:queue position: 1000+".waiting simulator 2016
months after release and it still has issues. just don't even dare getting this.
trove!!!! ,since new update it delete my level,gold,anything
if vavle can add a server region selection in casual...
ark: survival evolved is a fun and beautiful game, i have played countless hours with friends and i have never been bored by it. there is soo much to do in this game, whether it be trying to tame a dinosaur you want or building a bridge to link the many forts and homes you will build. i have never experienced playing the game on the epic settings but i have seen a few youtubers play at those setting and my oh my does the game look great! now you may be wondering why i have not recommended the game, that is due to the many problems that ark faces such as extreme memory leaks and subpar optimisation, the memory leaks are a big problem for me as the game seems to eat up my ram and spit it back out at me, i have heard the devs are trying to fix this issue but all i see is more content being put into the game which is good but also making the memory problem worse on mine and my friend's pcs. on multiple forum posts and other friend's first hand experiences i have heard memory leaks of up to 23 gbs! not very healthy for a computer if you ask me :p all in all ark: survival evolved is a great game but it sure does need some tuning up and until some of the problems are fixed that are causing people like me and others to not be able to play the game properly, i cant recommend the game to anyone unless they have a high-end computer, but if you really want to play this game i recommend that you atleast have 16 gbs of ram available if you want to run the game with mods.edit: i also forgot to mention that ark: survival evolved has some of the longest loading times i have ever seen, so if you are fortunate enough to have an ssd with some room on it then install ark on there.
many hacks, gg vacation
freddy got fingered is a really good game, my favorite bit was when we spent 4 nights at franco's pizza plaza pie place. if you enjoy getting a bit spooked, i don't reccomend this game, pewdiepie has told me that this is very spook and he pooped his pants and accidently got his dog pregnant. i don't know how, he must have missed step 3. i give it a shameful 9/6, would definetely get fingered again.
pls god translation korean  i don`t no fxxk they saying
이번작전권 패치 때문인지 매치메이킹으로가서  유럽쪽에서게임하니 높은 핑에서 스모크 버그가있네요 ㅂㄷㅂㄷ스모크 안으로들어가면 스모크 때문에 안보이는데 멀리서보면 스모크를떤저도 스모크가 안보입니다...더심한건 적들이 보입니다 ... (패-치 망-겜 ㅂㄷ)
good game     the community is pretty bad tho
"game will have no microtransactions' then nerfs all the weps so much and adds skins cs:go style which are the only things that can buff the wep back up to the normal stat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dont download the game dont play it dont ever think about buying it its just a waste of space in your hard drive just wait till this blackmarket ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t blows over and thats when you buy it
when i saw the other user reviews i thought that their playtimes were ridiculous and that you can't jugde it based on 0.3 hours but when i tried it i found you can judge it on 0.3 hours, the "tutorial" doesn't tell you anything about all the numbers popping on screen, it doesn't bother eplaining them, fortunately it's kind of obvious what they mean. it gives off the impression that it's a basic match 3 game but nope it's not, it's got various mechanics that might have actually been cool. however they don't bother explaining these until you have already figured them out, with the exception of the powers they do tell you about those.   speaking about the powers, the ones they start you off with at first seem cool with iron man's repulsor blast dealing like solid 63 damage but later on the enemies have so much health it begins to suck. also the story, i can't say i payed much attention to it because it was dumb but the writing was horrible it was cheesy and boring, not even cheesy and funny just boring and and the beginning they start off with iron man, yeah fine whatever but then they throw in storm, for no reason at all just because why not, lets throw in a completely unrelated character to team up with iron man to take down some lame ♥♥♥ bad guys and the enemies have unoriginal names, like soldier and sniper. there is probably a pay to win aspect but i couldn't play it long enough to notice, oh wait yes i could in the first 5 minutes they tried to force me to use some healing thing to heal my hero which wasn't even badly damaged, if you don't heal your heroes they can't fight no matter how much health they have, they could be only 5 hp short and you'd just have to wait for them to heal or use up one health pack if your lazy and eventually enemies deal enough damage to prevent you from playing for a minimum if 4 minutes if you don't use the health pack, how do you get more health packs? you either play missions which you can't do because your hero is injured or you buy them. don't waste your time with this go play bejeweled on your phone or something instead.
this isnt ace of spades...since when did a f2p game cost $15usd...go back and ruin runescape jagex.
quite a dissapointment to what was shown on the trailers.a huge "pay to win" fest, you will be surprised on what you can do for free... not very muchoverall the gameplay is nice, playing against other players either as police or the criminals brings fun and competitive gameplay.the customisation is lacking unless you pay real money...unless you play with friends this game becomes a huge dissapointment to quickly.
i can't really call myself a true resident evil fan, i've only recently managed to play resident evil 4 and have never played any of the original games (i.e resident evil 1-3). i will go ahead now and say i rather enjoy this game quite a bit, it's certainly got enough charm for a quick game every now and then but it doesn't have the lasting draw that most other re games have. resident evil: operation raccoon city did some things right, but did quite a lot at a mediocre level and some things plain badly, so i'll tell you what i think, and you can decide for yourself.the good -the character design: the characters and most enemies in this game are quite varied in appearance and personality, and i like that. mainly i'm talking about wolf pack here, they each have an interesting back-story that is never mentioned in-game (you'll need an external source like a wikia for that) and they all look unique and interesting. personally if they were a little more developed i wouldn't mind seeing them in other games.-the music: i'll say now regardless of how one-sided my opinion is, i love the music in the game. it's a mix of atmospheric tones to intense dramatic symphonies, all of them fit their respective situations perfectly.the okay-the cover mechanics: cover in this game is a bit iffy, some things you can hide behind others you can't sometimes you can shoot from cover sometimes you can't. it's kinda like rolling the dice with your health and that's never a good thing.-the combat mechanics: combat is arguably the main aspect of re:orc, and when the main aspect of the game isn't the best part of the game, you're not in for a good time. recoil feels almost non-existent but bullet spread is a pain to manage, especially with the less accurate weapons. the meele combat is okay, however performing executions and special moves is unresponsive and it usually takes multiple attempts to perform one.the bad- enemy design : enemies in this game can be easily described with the term "bullet sponge". they all take a hell of a lot of ammo to kill and that's not helping the face you hardly have any to begin with. this isn't a problem when it comes to the slow and easy to deal with zombies, but when faced with enemy humans, hunters and lickers it becomes a huge problem and is even more apparent in the harder difficulties. additionally shooting enemies hardly causes them to react, they just take it like nothing has happened most of the time which is frustrating when it comes to already hard to kill enemies like the hunters or the final boss depending on what choice you make.- the story: not much to say here, even for a spin off title in an alternate reality the story of this game is really weak and boring with no real development of characters.all in all, re:orc is a game that's fun with friends, but not worth the given price-tag. give it a shot if you can ever get it cheaper but don't expect to be amazed by the game.
i can't really call myself a true resident evil fan, i've only recently managed to play resident evil 4 and have never played any of the original games (i.e resident evil 1-3). i will go ahead now and say i rather enjoy this game quite a bit, it's certainly got enough charm for a quick game every now and then but it doesn't have the lasting draw that most other re games have. resident evil: operation raccoon city did some things right, but did quite a lot at a mediocre level and some things plain badly, so i'll tell you what i think, and you can decide for yourself.the good -the character design: the characters and most enemies in this game are quite varied in appearance and personality, and i like that. mainly i'm talking about wolf pack here, they each have an interesting back-story that is never mentioned in-game (you'll need an external source like a wikia for that) and they all look unique and interesting. personally if they were a little more developed i wouldn't mind seeing them in other games.-the music: i'll say now regardless of how one-sided my opinion is, i love the music in the game. it's a mix of atmospheric tones to intense dramatic symphonies, all of them fit their respective situations perfectly.the okay-the cover mechanics: cover in this game is a bit iffy, some things you can hide behind others you can't sometimes you can shoot from cover sometimes you can't. it's kinda like rolling the dice with your health and that's never a good thing.-the combat mechanics: combat is arguably the main aspect of re:orc, and when the main aspect of the game isn't the best part of the game, you're not in for a good time. recoil feels almost non-existent but bullet spread is a pain to manage, especially with the less accurate weapons. the meele combat is okay, however performing executions and special moves is unresponsive and it usually takes multiple attempts to perform one.the bad- enemy design : enemies in this game can be easily described with the term "bullet sponge". they all take a hell of a lot of ammo to kill and that's not helping the face you hardly have any to begin with. this isn't a problem when it comes to the slow and easy to deal with zombies, but when faced with enemy humans, hunters and lickers it becomes a huge problem and is even more apparent in the harder difficulties. additionally shooting enemies hardly causes them to react, they just take it like nothing has happened most of the time which is frustrating when it comes to already hard to kill enemies like the hunters or the final boss depending on what choice you make.- the story: not much to say here, even for a spin off title in an alternate reality the story of this game is really weak and boring with no real development of characters.all in all, re:orc is a game that's fun with friends, but not worth the given price-tag. give it a shot if you can ever get it cheaper but don't expect to be amazed by the game.
joder este juego es cabronnn pero no puedo aguantarrrrr de lo que se sale muchoooo oendejoooo juegoo
really really boring i might get a refund!
este juego cuenta con una grafica y  fisica bastante buena.  muy adictivo para pasar horas con el. es un juego sobrevalorado , sobre todo en el modo competitivo lo malo en modo competitivo  , si sos noob no te esfuerces aprendiendo  a disparar bien o la cabeza , te vas a cruzar con mucha gente que no sabe disparar , usa solo p90, gente con 8 hs de juego en un rango alto , no sabes si son cheaters o smurfs. el que tiene mas bajo ping en este juego generalmente gana siempre por mas que no sepa usar su arma  , no importa si  sos el mejor tirador de todos, viene alguien con 5 de ping y 2 hs de juego y te va a matar. a medida que uno avanza en modo competitivo es peor la calidad de gente y jugadores con la que se encuentra. muchos cheaters sobre todo brasileros. valve no hace mucho con los cheaters. brasileros a patadas  "ojo la mayoria son muy xenofobos" sobre todo con el argentino, van a buscar cualquier excusa para darte kick. servidores horribles gente con mucho lag que son imposibles de acertar. caida de los fps en momentos cruciales. este juego premia a los tramposos de nada sirve esforzarse aprendiendo  a jugar bien. todo esto lo unico que esta haciendo es que las personas que quieren hacer bien las cosas se esten alejando del juego.
as chris smoove once said "2k did me dirty there"yep.... servers are down, gameplay is laggy, you dont get your pre order bonus, you cannot configure your keyboard controls, 2k wants you to spread your hand muscle till it hurts to plau this game and maybe you should just stop wasting money on this franchise which gets worse every single yeargood ♥♥♥♥ing job 2k
cool for like 5 minutes, then garbage.
ruined the entire franchise by altering gameplay (for the worse) and taking out the good writing
would love it if i wasn't finding a ♥♥♥♥in tumbleweed on the server list
too ♥♥♥♥in easy
sucks
loadout is the the evil midget twin of tf2. not really worth it
i loved it before but now i don't. i need to pay 692 fricken baht in my country to "go pro".
bezugnehmend auf meine bewertung zu modern warfare 2 kann man zu modern warfare 3 eigentlich nur sagen, dass das spiel eine enttäuschung ist. wieder nur neue maps zum vollen preis (50-60€) und premium-inhalte, die ihr geld nicht wert sind. was damals noch eine selbstverständlichkeit war, wird heute zum preis von 15€ (für 5-6 maps) verkauft! die story ist ausgelutzt, die grafik veraltet, der multiplayer hacker-verseucht.wer so etwas unterstützt, darf sich nicht wundern, dass die qualität von neuen spielen immer mehr leidet. ich für meinen teil kann sagen, dass modern warfare 3 mein letzter call of duty-teil war, so lange sich nichts grundlegendes ändert. für 5-10€ kann man zuschlagen, mehr ist das spiel aber nicht wert.1,5 / 5 sterne
o jogo era muito bom mas dps da atualização do revolver r8 ele ficou um lixo.
หมาป่าพ่องไล่กัดไม่ปล่อย
i'm surprised this even got on steam, the steaming pile of excrement that the "devs" term, quite shockingly so, a "game".
♥♥♥♥♥
cant make more than 100 events wothout paying wich is nealy nothing if you want to make a good game
how to play tom clancy´s ghost recon phantomsstep 1: download gamestep 2: create an accountstep 3: wait for a matchstep 4: keep waitingstep 5: wait a few more hoursstep 6: get tired for waitingstep 7: close the gamestep 8: uninstall itstep 9: write a negative analysis
优化果断差 开车的时候跳帧掉帧严重 什么卵逼
dean hall sock ma cook,you really need to improve a lot
another titanfall ,♥♥♥♥
save yourself the money and just play the mod. i was excited for this! i really was, dayz minus the frustration of glitching zombies, hackers, infrequent/ very linear item spawning and random spawns/hours spent just running.a year on and guess what, its all still right there and im out of pocket by the 35 dollars. the developer evidently has cashed in and just made off with the money to start his studio and left us all wondering why the hell we put our trust in a guy who effectively got lucky. i can accept the alpha disclaimer - just not after over a year since i bought it with no real improvements to gameplay (no, i dont consider different food types etc improvements when zombies run through walls and you break your legs on ladders).dont buy this game, its a waste of money and i'm done hoping for the best
great visuals, controls and interesting variety of bosses. i initially enjoyed this game.there will always be an aspect of rng to these games however there are huge flaws which completely destroy this one's fun. many weapons are ridiculously underpowered, you find yourself trying your hardest not to use them due to how useless there are. the gimmicks and jokes go so far as that a huge number of the guns do more harm than good for you. also, the same enemies gain a bigger health pool every level. the combination of this and the above factor means that later stages become a really boring grind in which damage is almost inevitable unless you happened to find a decent number of guns along the way (because you'll be running out of ammo on the sponges you face later on).this flaw is fundamental and lack of balance makes the game a tiresome grind above a fun, fast paced shooter like the binding of isaac
wait, this is a finished game?..
this game is cancer, ebola, aids mixed together. i can't even express how bad this game is. hence the name "bad rats". only got this game for a gift, and even then its still not worth your time. 1/10 for effort though.
this game just isnt what i expected.it didn't have that unique burnout feel to it like in burnout 3: takedown. the game itself felt like it wasn't made with the most intention to satisfy the player. they could have made the game have so much more like increasing customization options but they didn't, that's a huge loss itself. the game got boring very quickly as it felt like the races were all the same.i definitely do not recommend this game if you have played burnout 3: takedown.
better late than never? this is a very old mod for half-life 1 which has now been released on steam. i don't know why they bothered because it has not got steam workshop and is very old now. the game defaults to a 4:3 640x480 resolution and you must manually change the video setting to widescreen mode and then select your desired resolution. the game freezes on map load for about 30 seconds before you can play, if you click the mouse during this time it will crash to desktop.the maps autodownload on connection in traditional half-life fashion but it seems the developers have removed the rate limit of 2.5kb/s for server transfers as they download quite quickly now. once the map has downloaded you will notice all of the textures are missing and you are running around a black and pink checkerboard map. once again, no steam workshop so you must manually hunt out the map and download it off the internet then extract it to your game folder and pray that the server hasn't changed maps by the time you go through this troublesome proceedure.the maps are seemingly designed for singleplayer as on a 6 player server it gets really messy with tons of people getting stuck in doorways/hallways as they are too narrow and you can't walk through other players. for whatever reason the players are actually objects that block you and make it a major pain to navigate the maps.missing basic functionality such as changing your fov from the options menu. you must go into console and write in default_fov ## to set your fov. the game doesn't save this settings between launches so you must manually go into your game folder and edit your autoexec.cfg in notepad just to change your fov.this game is definitely showing its age and the developers don't seem to update it anymore as it missing a ton of basic features for a modern game. i have no idea why they finally decided to put it on steam since it is far past it's prime.would i recommend this game in 2001? yes. would i recommend this game in 2016? no. they should stop messing around and get sven co-op 2 out on the source engine.
when i opend the game it just shuts down for some reason :/
theres a invisible barrier which did not allow me to reach the other way points. i only reached one and could not go any futher.
i really wanted to play the game but each time i tried to start it it would crash at running self check if anyone have a idea msg me or something just that im dissapointed at the fact it dident wana play.
a huge disappointment !
go buy siege or insurgency it had the heart but not the gameplay, movement, positioning or well anything just go play siege.
if u play tf2,cs:go whatsoever that includes armor.don't play this game.this is a dying simulator,not a stayin alive simulator.the reload animation sucks,but why would i say that ?because half life,opposing force and blue shift has a reload animation although is made in the 90s !!!!! in combat,u can't even see where the enemy is which is crazy.i know that it is made in 2001,but c'mon,i ain't even complaining about the graphics because it is made in fuc*ing 2001,bohemia ruined the whole gameplay mechanics ! just don't buy this , 1.5/10worst game of the year,every year !
what a huge letdwon for a marvel fan.
单人剧情其烂无比，剧情充满西方特有思维和无知，所以对战役不要多做苛求了relic似乎永远也搞不好可怜的平衡，苏军现在又是渣渣了真不知道他们到底在搞什么
just click the "play" button and the game just disppeared like nothing happened
wt is always one of my favourite wwii game...............until 'maus' comingmaus wtfit's maus! i'mean even jagdtiger have 60 builtsmaus!!! wtf?!
strict nat，无法和好友联机，无法被邀请也无法邀请别人，ub是弱智还是怎么的？online multiplay这么简单的东西，2016了，怎么还像屎一样？吃屎吧，谁再买ub的多人游戏谁sb
if i spent 60 euros for a game, i dont wanna play vs. cheater kids !!!
i'm glad i bought this during a sale.pros+ achievements+ steam workshopcons:- boring- overrated- misleading tags (e.g. 'funny', 'comedy')- dlc- overpriced0.1/10, waste of money, spend your money on something good, not this.goat rating (out of 5): 🐐
please read: only buy if you have a controller, controls are only configured for controller and not for keyboard
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я.только зря бабки тратил
this game is proof that jesus christ died in vain and changed his middle name to f**king - avgn
i would not reconmend this unfinished zombie survivalist. crashes when the game is saving at times and the cutscenes (it is probably my files are corrupt even though they have been checked clear) are as  buggy as a cheap bug simulator. the gameplay is alright with some interesting but seemingly copied crafting mechanics.difficulty spikes do occur every nw and then but most of teh game is too easy. eg: was casually walking through on a swamp island, found a place to rest  knowing once opened i would be swarmed but then every other place to rest had been easy to take so i opened it up, instantly wave after wave of armoured zonbies appeared leaving me 1v25, 'bring it on' i think, to my surprise because of clunky controls i died twice and teh third time i crashed, again... =/ would not recommend even if its a gift for soemone else.
ranting raving review ahead: i'd given this game the benefit of the doubt from day one, thinking that it's still in early access and they're still developing ideas and so on.. but every single update breaks the game more and more. it has become more a mobile idle game that you should not ever turn off for fear of having everything go wrong and being unable to progress any further in the game.  e.g. at the time of writing this every time i open the game up and lose villagers because i closed the game and they got cranky. which then meant i had hours and hours of wait times pop up and had no villagers to do anything with. i tried godus, i really tried to stick with you, but every update introduces more mechanics and changes ones that were fantastic for a pc game. pick a port, pc or mobile and develop it for one, because in trying to develop for both, its broken and will forever be broken. /rant over.
bans you for no reason. piece of ♥♥♥♥ :)
i have some praises for this game but for those who are looking for a good f2p experience, this is almost definitely not your game.so i'm gonna make this clear here and now.you are probably not going to have much fun with this game unless you sink some money into it since its where most of the content lies. champions online is an mmo with a superhero theme to it if it was not obvious enough. i started playing this way back in the day probably as early as 2011 though i didn't really seriously pick it up until maybe around 2013. i played for a while and unlocked one of the 'gold' archtypes with real money. i played, made a character, tried to make a story and such out of it since the game seems to encourage you to do that with the nemesis system and all.but again most of fun doesn't really happen until you either unlock a freeform slot with money separately or you get a gold sub for the game which you can do on different terms like monthly and yearly from memory or you can do what i did and dig in for the lifetime sub that lasts until the game inevitably shuts down.doing this allow you to access freeform slots which are basically slots in which you can customise every aspect of your character from primary and secondary main stats, powers and skill trees, this is where most of the fun can come into it since you can make the character how you want it instead of having to follow a set skill system but unfortunate it is behind a paywall.that said though from the last time i played it, the game is pretty dead, there are people around yes but maybe 4-500 tops on good days. the end content is kind of dull as well getting your usual dailies and such though there are special 'comic' missions that are basically mini campaigns separate from the main story. rampages are where you will probably spend most of your time when you get to max level (which is 40 btw) cause it's where you need to farm the materials for the best equipment in the game. drop rates are pretty bad so you are going to have to grind for quite a while to get anything to drop for you and even then you need like 6 of each item (add there are about 3-4 different rampage items) in order to make a full set of armour and if you have multiple characters, be ready for the long grind.the game is also microtransactions galore from costume sets to powers to 'lockboxes' which are boxes you need to open with keys that cost 100 zen a piece which is the premium currency for the game in order to unlock special costumes and vehicles that only come from those lockboxes, or just wait until they turn up in the auction house for a pretty penny (ie stupidity expensive cause price gouging is popular with players in the game).however all of that i did ignore cause if there is one praise i have for thise game it's the pretty robust character creation system where you can select from a ton of different options (a lot are premium parts but once unlocked they are unlocked amongst all character and future ones on your account). you can be an undead superhero, a mad scientist, an iron man wannabe, or if you are me, create a tiger that kicks ♥♥♥ with martial arts or uses firearms to blow away minions.story is pretty bland in a lot of places and some of the voice acting/lip and body animations will leave you cringing as you meet characters that are pretty clear ripoffs of superheroes like iron man, the flash and organisations like s.h.i.e.l.d.do i recommend this game? if you have the cash you are willing to input into the game for a gold sub then maybe yes but this game has a lot of things that needs fixing before it's close to anything mainstream. however if you can look past that, you can really get lost in the character creation system, creating many different heroes with varying powers from fire to poison to demonic powers to kinetic force.
sucks so ♥♥♥♥ing much i hate everything about it i wasted $60 on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i hope you do not
kurz zusammengefasst:nettes settingpassable grafikgrässliches gameplaydie hitboxen sind buggy und das spawing ist schlimmer als alles was ich je erlebt habe.nicht zu empfehlen. vor allem nicht in dem stadium des games.
é uma bosta!
jogo simplesmente ♥♥♥♥! porem esta com um bug ridiculo para mim, no momento de entrar na partida ele crasha e fecha sozinho sempre!
坑爹啊，更新根本都没有动静，亏我等了好长时间.....浪费我的感情
坑爹啊，更新根本都没有动静，亏我等了好长时间.....浪费我的感情
people are overeacting to this game. sure it's one of the best local multiplayer games out there (one of the best multiplayer experiences i've had), but it's not worth it's price. i thought this game would have more content but it's definitely not worth it's base price $15, or $10, or barely even $5 for that matter. i expected the singleplayer mode to have way more in it and they should really mention that it's not worth it at all. it's definitely one of the most frustrating things i've played. it's more like a challenge mode, revealling bits of background story but it's just gameplay. if you get this game, you get it for the fun couch-deathmatches. that's the main purpose of this game. the trials and singleplayer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. it should be replaced with a practice mode. and bring some friends and controlllers. four of them. it's the only way to play multiplayer/properly. keyboard sucks and eventually hurts after a while. i definitely do not recommend unless it's on sale.
god damn i hate source engine games. why couldn't we just connect to a friend instead of having to open ports or opening hamachi?
how can i trade this in for 'the culling'?
download simulator. i can't even join a server because i have to download tons of stuff....
lol, i've played the football manager series and they have a great format. the developers take pretty much a lot of their ideas from that and put it here ... except they haven't catered it properly here. they even use 80% of the same skills like 'flair, vision, bravery'... lol basically this is like me watching masterchef or some cooking tv show and me trying to replicate all the methods ... to build a sandcastle.
changed  too much of the things that made the game "fun"
don't recommend, used to play when it wasn't free to play. support have been unhelpful in regards to getting my old account back.
i would be more angry about not even being able to start this game if it were not for the fact that i paid for it using csgo items. but however i later found out that without playing this game from your c: drive it wont work. kinda a problem when you only use a 120gb ssd as your boot drive :| oh well i guess even when ubisoft makes a great game ( and it is if you can get around the issues) they still ♥♥♥♥ it up for me somehow.
i would be more angry about not even being able to start this game if it were not for the fact that i paid for it using csgo items. but however i later found out that without playing this game from your c: drive it wont work. kinda a problem when you only use a 120gb ssd as your boot drive :| oh well i guess even when ubisoft makes a great game ( and it is if you can get around the issues) they still ♥♥♥♥ it up for me somehow.
this was an amazing game! i loved it-----------------read-------------------this game has now turned into nothing the dev team left and updates are every 6 months not even. and there is a high risk of getting vac ban just by picking up a gun! do not buy this game!
not scary. not fun. hardest thing in the game is wrangling the controls 3/10
do not buy, in the ♥♥♥♥♥est condition
bad should get 15 insted pin kickouts wont work game always crashes they need to fix the pins
i need a refund now!
if i wanted to get stood up i would ask a girl out in real life
um, its alright, but would not have payed any money for it if you had to.
make it 98% off!
where's garen?
1 word, hackers
it was fun in the beginning but now its repetitive and boring it isn't what they promised!!!
it's the same 'go to this marker' open world action game you have played a 100 times before. except this time it's in mordor!!!  boring and over-hyped.
the art style is great and charming, however the platforming elements and controls are beyond frustrating and feel horribly clunky. especially once you are two-thirds through the game it becomes even more frustrating!
ok let me just say this game not the best call of duty in my opinion but its still great call of duty has been such and entertaining thing for me for ages ive played call of duty 4: moden warefare , black ops 2 and 3, modern warefare 3, call of duty ghosts and call of duty advanced warefare. ive been playing call of duty since 9 and its been a very good thing for me but now its starting to get a bit boring now for me call of duty has been making nearly the same thing every time they make another call of duty this is probably the second to last call of duty im ever going to play one of the new ones i hear people saying its exactly like one of the modern warefare but just better graphics. call of duty has gone down a bit in my favourite games list welp b03 is a game with a jetback jump and pretty good guns with a shop that allows you to buy a crate i cant remember the name dont judge xd but yeah in the crate it gives you camo's emblems and stuff welp this is all guys c ya'll ltr!
game is badguy teleported around and killed me.i tried to push him, i died as feedbackwould refund, but this game is a lost cause
not worth the money. i would pay no more then 12 dollars for this game in its current state
pice of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥.
if you are new to the borderlands franchise, gtfo and buy bl2. if you have completed bl2, i still don't think this game is worth buying unless it is discounted for 70%+. in my first playthrough, i got less than 15-20 hours with some sidequests, yet in bl2 u get twice as much (but nothing compares to bl2). the gameplay itself feels no different to bl2, despite the new mechanic of the 'butt-slam' and low-grav. you never really find yourself running out of o2 and the butt-slam is worthless. you may as well be trying to kill people with zer0's unforseen if you want to use this mechanic lethally.pros:-new weapon type (it's exciting until you actually try it and you're like....oh....)-new element-new characters (claptrap!)-finally we get the moon dlc we've always wantedcons:-short as ♥♥♥♥-reused models (probably the biggest part of this game after completion besides replaying is hunting down uniques)-none of the new features (low-grav, cryo, lazers) are actually good, they're just enticing-raid-boss mission after the main story is just the last boss again (laziness)-barely any areas (although most are pretty big, around wildlife exploitation size)-character to character interactivity is crappy (maybe claptrap is an exception)i wouldn't recommend buying this game at all unless it was on sale.
realmente para brasileiros não é uma boa se não estiver em promoção, servidores que tem ping mediano, estão quase sempre cheios, e em alguns servidores ainda podem lhe kikar ou banir por ser novato e não demonstrar habilidade...
jogo bem incompleto, com poucos recursos e tarefas desanimadoras, poucos servidores, poucos jogadores, sem duvida um disperdiçio de dinheiro, pelo menos para mim.
deberian pedir 1 dolar por esto esta lleno de bugs
mmm k, so, i buy the game, wait pateintly for its release, ohh but wait it doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing launch
ah ubisoft you give me a migrane....hello steam comment scroller stop here for a proper review!!!so here's the problem... how the hell can you release a game in this state (its beta at best)pros:-awesome ideas and concepts-games are super fun and tactile-graphics are great (there even a super hd texture pack dlc on steam for this)-little to no hackerscons:-about as optimised as watch dogs (i'm not kidding its bad)-i don't see the point in release an ultra res texture pack (dlc) when high end graphics cards can barely run a smooth 60 on ultra 1080p-i can play on low to achieve 60 frames per second (my system build will be in build section)-their are some really funky physics in this game (up for you to decide whether you like this or not)-the price to context ratio is rediculious get this on a sale not at full price unless ubisoft get their optimisations out soon. i f you bought this at full price you are literally paying for 6 siege maps at best, a tutorial and literal search and destroy game mode against bots that it-there is no sli or crossfire support !!!!-amd users pay attention here !!! the support for our graphics cards is abosuletly rubbish like ubisoft thought noone uses amd anymore-servers.... servers.... server!!!! ubisoft do something (before i break my wall with my fist)-operators a great idea but we need more weapons in vanilla not dlc-more weapon customisation-more operators that aren't dlc or better yet let us make our own (just saying i'd pay for that dlc)-driver support for this game are done as well as the list here of pros to cons (absolutes rubbish)-constant crashing in multiplayer-build section start-+my build+cpu - i7 4770k intelmobo - gigabyte z97x gaming gt ram - 16 gb 1600mhz ddr3gpu - gigabyte r9 390 8gb gddr5 hd - 2 tb seagate barracuda 7200 rpmpsu - corsair 850 watts psu goldlemme know why i am getting such low frame rates !!!!driver software: radeon crimson 15.301.1201honestly i get 60 frame if i'm lucky on low setting someone help me fix my frames issue-end of build section--final verdict-not worth you money in current state, it is a great concept but its exicution is something of a disaster, with current optimisations and game play content i am afraid i will have to give this game a dissapointing review score of3/10- avoid buying in this state and watch this review as i will update when things improve or get worse
let me start by saying i don't like bashing game developer:even when their work only shows about a years work of hard effortthis game could have been something that game developers could of made money of if they truely had time for the people who purchased it.i loved this game but time goes by and you see the cracks i mean i like flying zombies as much as the next guys but this is too far.the game developer could of put so much more time into fixing the bugs and making optimisation than adding a new mapplease lets hope their remake isn't so money hungry or bug infestedplease don't spend money on this game it isn't worth itgame developers i hope for the next time we meet and you take my money it better be for a good game.
only got it cuz its freeeeeee
rage.
♥♥♥♥ team dis game suck make me get ♥♥♥♥ team i get silver elite cuz ♥♥♥♥ team gg dont play u get ♥♥♥♥ team no goodness in dis it alway ♥♥♥♥ team.
blow ♥♥♥♥ up ;) beware open servers...♥♥♥♥ will be destroyed :d
don't play :d lots of trolling
gives me a bloooody headacheeee blocks everywhere and ♥♥♥♥.
can't play the game because i keep getting an error during loading. the bug report has been sent 'supposedly', but nothing is changing
like league of legends but not as good
nota negativa não pela jogabilidade, pois é do jeito que eu esperava, super real. mas por ser um "free to play" em que tem pouquissimos carros liberados e com apenas 3 locais diferentes (com 4 variações em media) todas as outras categorias devem ser compradas como dlc e mesmo assim não vale a pena, pois o multiplayer está literalmente lotado (pra não falar o contrário)em resumo: um jogo com enorme potencial e enorme ganancia
15 horas0 cartas
great game, terrible save system...
please if you gonna waste your money in something "funny", this game is not a synonymous of that really this game dont even worth.i will not tell you why is so bad this game, because i dont wanna wrote you a biblie.
seeing as though the devs are deleteing all negative feedback from the forums guess id better place my thoughts here.heroes and generals is a very ambitous game with some great aspects, its fun to play and will keep you entertained for hours.here comes the butthe developers of this game are so unbelivably bad at what they do, the greatest weakpoint of the game is them. after they decided to shaft all the vets with massive restrictions they then proceeded to sweep all negative reviews under the rug. reto-moto is some hitler level corrupt.it seems every decsions they make for the game was made by highschool footballers high on dope"woah bro that sounds dope, lets not put any thought into it and just do what we want on impulse"do not under any circumstance play this game......you will leave feeling like an empty void of dissapoinment
when i set my graphics options to high, my world started melting, not a fun experience
poor mans world of warcraft, and is ♥♥♥♥, i'd love to state an actaul reason, but im too tired.
misleading. ♥♥♥♥
hello fgts, im a 12 yeer old and this game f***ing sucks like ur mom sucked  ******'s ****. u cant ads and ther r so many haxers. i recomend moincraft cos you can bild stuff. moincraft and cod r betr than this sh***y piece of s**t. in cod u can ackshually aim. cod is for the reel gaymerz.
used to be good now it has barely anybody....
the single player is average and my friends missed out on the free daythe game in general is mehbut it is one of the better sniper games out there
i love the tutorial, i raged when it said "press g to use grenade"then i said to my self "i effing knew it"3/10 best gamewhy best game? cos my favourite part was when i uninstalled it
이번 머신포피그.... 커스텀모드가 없다... 그게좀아쉬웠다....하지만 아이템인벤스토리가없어지고 등불이 랜턴으로바꼈다는게 좀 좋았던것갔다...스토리도꽤 괜찮은편이지만....엔딩을보고나서야깨달았다..역시 암네시아는 커스텀모드가있어야한다는것을....
ハックがおおくておもしろくありません
this is boring and irritating.
no entiendo como crearme la cuenta osea me la creo en su pagina con el mail pero en el juego pongo el mail y no me deja entrar de que manera me dan mi nombre de usuario para poder de una vez jugar?
♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ total utter ♥♥♥♥
*warning* this game runs smoothly if you have a beast gaming pc.
awesome game,you don't wanna miss it.10/10edit: 2016well... not anymore...with all of this dlcs..developer keep pushing more dlc to be sold.as the result..this game is broken. i love payday the heisti love payday2 betaim sad to see such a good game like this one....dead.i love you overkill...   fairwell..
plain and simple:  money vacumm with enough bugs to start a career in entomology.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i'm used to f2p mmo's that have payment options but not to this level.you pay for majority of the items within this game; some of the dragons, or simple clothing items that provoke your interest towards the game are member exclusives or to expensive for the tiny amount of gems the game gives you. if you make a mistake within your character you have to pay to delete it, items that have appeal are slapped down on a price that a f2p cannot get.i played it twice and met advertisements around every corner, even in the shop, needed to buy supplies to expand within the game such as bait or seeds for your farms, the gameplay is just something you must experience to believe it, -crash sim 2014: dragon edition.- oh i almost forgot, you have to be a member to name your character or dragon, else you become viking_346ij2418, same with the dragons.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                              i liked the movies, i read the books, i played the game, i left in a hurry, never again.
game continues to crash when im in single palyer... they owe two silver crates
basically no content. has no objectives whatsoever, the only thing that you end up doing is trying to kill other people which screws them over and staves off your own self loathing for another few minutes until you need to kill another defenceless player who just wants to try the game out. 0/10 do not buy
mechanics are grindy and have to kill,do task to get level-ups and so.it's get boring overtime
fun for maybe a week. thanks to steams new refund policy i no longer have this game and i got my $20 back which i probably ended up wasting anyway
ok so i dont have the greatest computer but when i get attacked i died instantlywhen i saved i didnt have my log cabin or traps even fires.i tried to light my fires to cook food but ao ! doesnt work and when underground i can see through walls and on the first day i got attacked by day ten monsters. finally i get a good start! but 10 mins later noclipping people!?!?!?!? they walked through my traps and when i sat in my log cabin they noclipped through that i get a solid 30 fps on arma 3 with full graphics and most the same but i put this on low and i get 3-7 fps i mean come on! this game needs improvement i do still play it and it can be enjoyable but until i see things change i will not like this.
first time (due to possible stream install issue) - run the game once then exit out, let it preload all the additional installation packs, before diving into a game. this will save you a lot of headache, it might crash out / close / exit the game otherwise still downloading content in background.edit: huge patching still with bugs, glitches, and redownloading of the entire huge game again is really getting lame! beginning to ignore this game as just a bandwidth waster.
what happens when you first play:you play it and have fun.you have another play. and another. and then it's boring. 420/360 bed gam would not eat again
build robots, battle, upgrade, battle, battle, upgrade, battle battle battle, upgrade. the higher you get up the more tedious it is to upgrade yo ♥♥♥♥♥. i found it to get boring at tier 4. 4/10 for real
terrible game
for first timei didnt manage to move the model sadly this just to much to me
when they were still improving it i couldn't recommend it enough. if this is all it's ever going to be then you should be playing 7 days to die instead.the hours i've played have been starting new games over and over again because initially the exploration, resource gathering and construction is really entertaining. but then you run out of things to do and realise that your turrets are shooting up your own base because there's a bug stuck behind your wall.
in spite of jordan, you phalice.
i thought it said among nipples.
i don't understand all the fuss about the microtransactions.they're amazing! nothing is better than being able to pay real money to be better than other people, even though its a pve game! i also find the fact that we were promised no microtransactions for whatever reason, but then received them amazing! gosh, microtransactions and pay2win games are the best! :dim kidding, im not an idiot
to many hackers valve needs to do something about this ♥♥♥♥
not optimizied for amd. the struggle is real. its gonna take another 2 years till they optimize or even longer
würde ich auch nicht weiter empfehlen
ich muss ehrlich sagen ich hab gerade mal 1.4 stunden gespielt, weil das kampf system so scheiße ist das es keinen spass mehr gemacht hat, man war risen 1 gut aber es wurde immer schlechter, 2 war noch auszuhalten aber das 3 ist einfach nur zum kotzenrisen 1 bleibt das beste risen game
being a long time fan of the hitman franchise, i have to say that i was sorely dissapointed by this game. absolution tries to be something that it is not, a true hitman game. letting go of the multiple approach contracts found in silent assassin, contracts and blood money, hitman: absolution attempts to create a storyline with interweaving missions in the space of three acts. and let me tell you, the story is ♥♥♥♥in' terrible. it's almost like a 6 year old came up with the stupid concept of a story, and this particular story, which makes no sense whatsoever. even though the story is terrible and the gameplay is not up to par with the other games from the franchise, absolution can and is very enjoyable at times and the good old ♥♥♥♥ed up methods of taking out your targets are back and is well executed, even though there aren't that many. silent assassin rating is there, and is perhaps the only way to play the game, especially as it is so easy. saying this, if you're a hardcore veteran of the franchise, playing stealthily, obtaining silent assassin on every level, and picking at least expert difficulty (purist difficulty is definitely the way to go as it slightly resembles the previous games and how much tougher they were) is the only way to play this game.5.4/10
okay... so i thought this was going somwhere but once you beat the first level its the same.the same thing over and over and it just eventually becomes impossible.if you want a real progressive game where your people actually have some sort of prospects of survival get godus..thats what i wanted when i bought this and i got this. but now i have godus.i conclude... repetative
game is dead dont download it tacks forever to find a game and just so you know i brout this game. its fun just it's to hard to find a game
game is great. just needs to be better.
should of fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing game before releasing it you ♥♥♥♥ing idiots.
if this game stopped after you got through the first part of the game i would be happy, but it lacked substance after that for me.
as much as i really want to love this game its to broken for me to properly enjoy it. i recommend it when the game is released or close to proper release
this game was incredible and one of my favourites before this giraffe update came and ruined everything. i am not reccomending this game at this current stage because beign forced to use the matter manipulater every time you want to mine because pickaxes and drills last 5 seconds.thats some b.s. until you can mine better and faster without using a ridiculous "repair" system and be able to get your ship up and running without playing a world for 10 years to get 20 cores i will despise one of my favourites. also what the hell is up with not being able to start a new character with a new world? i have started multiple characters since giraffe and am always! always on the exact same world i just tried to leave behind. overall bring back the koala updates and this game is highly recommended!
source is better
i ran out of ammo within a couple rounds, so i just ran into a pile of zombies and died. spawned in again and both guns still had no ammo. 10/10
the corpse of one of the best zombie games around
i would love to recommend this game, however the business model and comments by a developer confirming bots and possible non-random cards leaves me with no option other than to say no.there is plenty of potential and lets face it.. poker as a game sells itself. hats/pins/shirts just doesn't cut it. put that up next to repeated players appearing with different names/same profile picture.. it just doesn't sit well with me.as far as poker goes.. it's great. but everything surrounding those fundamentals i simply cannont recommend.
i am very disapointed with the fact i could not play this game. i was getting 1 frame every 4 to 6 seconds and it was unplayable. i have a 4 year old mac potato and this is the only game iv found that it cant run. but the game looks cool please fix or tell me what i can do to fix this. i like the game i just cant play it
buggy as ♥♥♥♥. 2+2 is 478.394 apparently.yes, this is memes. 
this game is awesome! but the slack of the developers, updates aren't getting much feedback for the game. its been about 7 months or so (dont get me wrong) since we last had an offical update.  (recent one was just technical changes... i think..?)vanilla gets boring without updates, so thats why i play with mods, but those mods arent like new bosses, and epic changes, its just one of those new guns, techs and maybe several customized items kinda thing.i do enjoy playing this game, but they really need to make big changes for the community and the game itself.
i cant stop playing
garry's mod is a really fun game.. but how can i play when i keep crashing? when im joining a server, it closes gmod, when i spawn ragdolls and props, it sometimes crashes, i cant change my character anymore, some addons dont load, and the worst part is crashing when you dont save.. why cant u fix this garry, why?!
a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
pros-get a tf2 weaponcons-everything else
cant believe i spent 9 bucks on this ♥♥♥♥
the only reason you'd get this would be only for the cards, although there's 1 achievement aswell, you don't really know how to unlock it!it's a terrible minecraft rip-off, that even fails at some imporant core elements, such as placing/building. as with my experience, you can only dig through the blocks and endlessly jump through the world. but i love cards.10/10
it is a great game overall, although i would want to have more maps and game modes, make the match making faster. that is not the case, however. it shows the true face of a pay-to-win game, it feels like the developers slapped me in the face for not spending a dollar on their market. a shame - that's what it is. it had great potential although the cash shop, overpowering your opponents by spending money ruins it. and no it's not me being bad, i'm great at the game, but you can never dominate a player who has the best in-game items, no matter the skill. then it becomes frustrating to play, you will eventually quit it like i did so i beg you, spend your time on something else like tf2!
in this game, you will work hard to get food, water, weapons ect. all to have those things taken away from you whenever connection drops out, your character will be wiped and you will lose everything and have to start from ne again, so if you have internet that could possibly drop out even once every blue moon, do not get this game, it will infuriate you with its massive amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. unless of coarse you like having all of your progress wiped over and over and over again. i do know this is still in alpha but when your character is wiped that many times it gets a bit rediculous.
aweful gameplay; players take 2 seconds to respond to your actions when it's already too late, and you can easily get fakked 10-0 although you're playing much better than the opponent or your opponent is noob. he just keeps running in a straight line from the midfield to your defence and presses a key called "square" key to shoot the ball, oh oups, to score a goal*.oh i should also mention that the only pros about this game are konami ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers, it's really funny when you're playing a game and suddenly a box appears saying 'connection lost between you and the opponent (void)', this happens at 60% of the times and really gets me so high that i really start to enjoy it, and uh, w.t.f? why does the transition between menus take 5 gentle seconds? i guess that when this game coders do their job, they are drunk or something, or guess what, it's a free game so let's ♥♥♥♥ off steam users and enjoy those unique moments, fakk you konaminow i'll happily go spend 23$ on fifa 16, it would always be cheaper than spending my time on pes myclub
not optimized at all, fps and performance suck
do not bother until a patch is released. the games performance is sketchy at best, if you are running anything but the highest end hardware.
depois da ultima atualização, ficou muito facil cair de patente e ainda voces colocam promoção no jogo , é pra foder com os smurfs que surgem.ganhei 3 partidas em primeiro, perco uma e caiu de patente toma no cu.
just do not buy this game
terrible, coudn't have been a worse sequel to the first, never buy this piece of midget poop
not liking this game right now. spent my last 20 minutes doging missils, and you can't get close enough to shoot it. im not saying i hate the game, im just not enjoying it right now
a poor example of a puzzle solving game. there's no real thinking required, just trial and error pointing and clicking. that said, it does have its humourous moments and i guess i got 99 cents worth of chuckles.
really ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. another dumb game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls like surgeon simulator, a clone with less objective if you will. 10 bucks is a rip off for this heap of steaming ♥♥♥♥. i send help from heavens highest tower if you can find enjoyment in this clunky clone of a product. would not recommend at all. luckily i got this in a bundle so i didn't pay full price for this, i would question my mental state if i went and put ten dollars on steam with the sole purpose of buying this. probably archery? more like definitely ♥♥♥♥.
this game is aimed at kids obviously, has a mario or one of those old ps1 games styles to it, i wouldn't recommend it but it's an okay game!pros soundtrack is pretty cool get to collect the tears of fairies and berriesget to smash the crap out of people trying to hurt you or innnocent caterpillarscons terrible handling of  controls graphics are worse than half lifestoryline is none exsistant and is just plain crapthe animals 1 hit you then you restart, no checkpoints for each level which is absolute annoying and bs overall the game is just dumb and should not even be on steam. oh even though a friend gave this to me for free i would not play it again 
day - 1 -i spawned in a cold area with very few dinos. decided to chop some wood with my fists. first chop on the tree and i died. 10/10 would play again.
no es lo mismo que en el video
i used to play this game hours on end. unfortunately, when i came back, the community was dead, there were no players anywhere apart from the few newbies wandering through the starting area hoping to find a good game. i would only recommend this if you like grinding hours on end and spamming repeats to level through most of the game as well as completing raids with only a few party members and in most circumstances, by yourself.
to those who are reading this review, there are a few things you must note. one thing is that i almost always play with other people while playing any version of the borderlands series, and borderlands 2 is one of my favourate games of all time, so i will compare it to borderlands 2 in a lot of ways.borderlands pre-sequal, which will now be refered to bps for efforts sake, has a lot of potential to be something better than what it is now. for a brief summary of the game, its basically a dlc for borderlands 2, and probably would have been better if it was. the good things about bps is that the new characters are amazing. i won't deny that. i absolutely love the idea of playing as claptrap, or using aimbot to destroy everything in your way as nisha. however, the game seems watered down. i played through the game with minimal grinding, and only using guns i find off the floor from random loot drops. i, personally, played the game as both athena and nisha, and both didn't take much effort to get through the game. playing with friends in bps isn't as good as it was. in borderlands 2, i was always at the edge of my seat trying to snipe the goliath's, or sneaking up on other enemies. but this game seems more like a casual game. with another player, there is little to no challenge at all, and feels like you have to, literally, drag youself through the game. with nisha and athena playing together, you can get through the game in a few hours.overall, if you need something to play, or if you're really bored, consider buying this game. however, its way to much for what you get from the game.
i can't give much of a review, but the game launched fine and seemed like it would work. the cutscenes were looking pretty standard for a game of its age, and i was getting pumped to enjoy the $2.50 i spent. when it got to actual user input, however, my input wasn't recognised (standard keyboard/mouse), other than wasd, enter and esc, and even then i suffered 3-4 seconds of input lag. i tried a number of fixes for this (apparently quite common) issue, and none worked, but i also didn't want to invest hours into a game i had just bought with the expectation that it'd run properly.i've got win10, i5-6600k, 16gb ram, a 980, and i installed on my hd, then tried the ssd (apparently one possible fix) to no avail.i've had this refunded quickly and easily, which is good, but it really shouldn't be necessary, and i would've loved to have played it because it gets rave reviews from the people who played it around release.0/10, unfortunately.
well um... i don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ im playing here... its certanly interesting and boring at the same time... uhhh. yeah... 4/10 not enough love triangles
didn't work on my system, didn't like my amd r390, followed the 'fixes' online, but couldn't get it to work.  yay for returns policy, didn't seem worth the effort.
not have server asia l'm palying ping more l'm not happy :(
this game. let me start off by saying i have never reviewed a game before but feel i should in this case.  i was suspicious as soon as i read all the negative reviews but thought hey i'll give it a shot. i like cs, i like zombies, i should like this too. what this game boils down to after playing a couple matches it bascally this. spawn in with the negev (or equivalent machine gun), completely ignore all other weapons and i mean all, smgs, shotguns, other pistols, useless. then proceed to midlessly hold left left click and sway the mouse from side to side. solved. either that or get completely overun by the insane amounts of idential zombies. thats it. it is a very boring, repeditive game and thats all is all. i fell that maybe if this game has more modern elements (graphics, gore system, decent models etc) this game could be more fun but as is the game runs off a decade old system (cs:cz) and it really shows. i know its free and all but it seriouslly doesn't even warrent the download space to get it.tl;dr not a big download and its free but it really isnt worth your time.
no no no no
clergy splode – пожалуй, самый худший пример уходящего в небытие жанра «рогалик». обычно я в конце советую брать или нет брать тот или иной релиз, но сейчас я своё мнение выскажу сразу: не покупайте! игра не стоит и рубля, это отвратительный продукт.а теперь по порядку. купил я эту новиночку по трём причинам: во-первых, маленькая цена, во-вторых, внешний вид мне немного напомнил don’t starve, в-третьих, в steam была одна русскоязычная рецензия, автор которой крайне положительно оценил clergy splode. и вот что я думаю: бывают же больные yблюдки. нет, я понимаю, что у всех вкусы разные, но я никогда не понимал людей, которым нравится откровенная безвкусица. clergy splode безлика. в ней нет индивидуальности, своих фишек или какой-то изюминки. это стандартный roguelike, причём крайне посредственно выполненный. в нём даже игровые звуки словно спёрты из don’t starve. нет, правда, послушайте и сравните звук при смерти персонажа: не копия, но крайне близко. однако серость и отсутствие индивидуальности можно простить, когда игра качественная. можно украсть чужие идеи и из них создать что-то своё: менее классное, но тем не менее играбельное. но тут же запорото всё что только можно. и самый главный бич – управление. создалось впечатление, что оно специально так создано, чтобы вызвать у игрока ещё больше негативных эмоций. ну и последний гвоздь в крышку гроба clergy splode – музыка, звучащая на арене. я упоминал игровые звуки, как мне кажется, подрезанные у одной вышеупомянутой игры. так вот музыка тоже, как мне кажется, сплагиачена. она сворована из долбанного цирка! под такую музыку на арене клоуны бы замечательно ездили на велосипедах! в игре же она звучит отвратительно и неуместно!ещё раз повторюсь: не берите. такого отвратного безвкусного продукта жизнедеятельности игровой индустрии ещё поискать. я бы номинировал clergy splode на худшую игру года.
esse jogo é uma bostapor incrivel q pareça eu nem jogar consegui, comprei por influencia de um amigo, e agora estou com essa ♥♥♥♥♥, tentei rembolsar mas pelo visto as 3 horas q eu passei tentando logar no servidor conta como horas jogadasna moral, vai a ♥♥♥♥♥, não comprem esse esterco, deviam me pagar por ter essa ♥♥♥♥♥.sim, eu testei no minimo, não foisim, eu tenho os requisitos
spawned walked for 1 f*cking long hour to find a friend, turns out i was in a different town.dayz is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ comunitty, i payd 26 euros for an early acces ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game wich zambies get trough walls i think in 2100 dayz will get out of the early acess.
this game sucks, maps sucks
why.
the devs number 1 goal is to ruin the game, don't try to stop them they won't listen.
waste of time and money. can't ever get the startup to work and always is stuck at loading on 25%. don't buy this game!!!!!
this is terrible haha, even if it is on sale for $1 dont get it...
this game made my thighs moist. i prefer them dry.
continued the simple 1 way only line and finish, which i hate in games. nothing is left to the player. it was too easy, even on expert. maps are very linear.graphics are ok for cry engine 3. they went weak on tesserlation, ( i do understand that crysis 2 had a patch for their tesserlation to become better so ill let that slide)there are not many good sniper games, and yet this is good, its too easy, basic and overall not fun. it reminds me of call of duty, leaves nothing of fun, just a set path and even not being able to move beenoculus freely, they were even controlledfor me. thats unfortunatly the end of this series. not that the first one was a great game but i remember having more fun and being more challenged from it than this one. please if you do another game, which you have, change the direction of gameplay.
honest to god trash gameenjoy a ♥♥♥♥ esports online community for this game with idiots who think they know everything about this gamehltv is ok thoenjoy ♥♥♥♥ mechanics with a dev that has no idea what is good for a competitve scene for flourish and growthhahaha yes lets add weapons and balance changes that negatively impact the meta because we think we know whats best instead of the actual people who play this game for a living90% of the playerbase is mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well and if you're probably one of them
complete ♥♥♥, dont even bother wasting money on this ♥♥♥♥ its p2w, just get arma winter assault 100% betterhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmlns70pa1m
this is simply in protest of rockstar's modding policies. even banning people for modding in single player only get banned and that's too far. for a popular pc game, especially gta, you should of expecting modding from the start.
i absolutely love it! all my favorite superheroes in a moba game! and it has some comedy in it! like every comicbook hero game should!!!but...if you live in australia this game is nearly unplayable due to extremely high latency from the servers being soooo far away!if the makers of this game release an asian, or even better an ocianic server i can see myself playing hours and hours of this game and even throwing some of my money for useless things like costumes... :) so due to the aweful server locations i cannot reccomend this game to anyone in the ocianic part of earth. chuck us a server then you'll get all the recommendations!!!!
super duper really ♥♥♥♥ed up game controls
i can't even get to the first boss just because of a bug...i highly don't reccomend this game..thanks for stealing 1 hour of my life and my well-begged 20 dollars.
as much as i would like to recommend this game i can't, here is why:the graphics are cool 7/10story is'nt that good in my opinion not sure 'bout you guys 5/10controls and combos are cewl 8/10the fighting and aiming system is sh*t i mean when i try to kill a bad guy using my kick ♥♥♥ magic powers i end up smashing pots and turning into link (those who play the legend of zelda series will get the joke)so i rate the fighting and aiming system 3/10overall score: do the maths yourself........just kiddingscore of around 55%
all work and no play makes jack realize he's playing darksiders ii.
when krap goes digital it looks like this.
tomb raider uninstall.
i have been playing payday 2 off and on since it came out. i have bought all of their dlcs (even the completely overkill pack) so that i could support overkill and help them bring new content to this game. but the new weapon rebalance and black market update have destroyed all faith i had in overkill. if you have played cs: go or have seen crate openings, it’s exactly the same thing. when you complete a heist, you may earn a safe that can only be opened by purchasing a drill. when you open the safe, you'll earn a random weapon skin with a random condition ranging from broken-in (battle scarred) to mint-condition (factory new). this would be alright, if it wasn't for one detail. weapon skins can give you stat buffs. that’s right, a cosmetic actually improves the killing power of the weapon. it might improve accuracy, stability or total ammo, pretty much any stat. who thought this was a good idea? this is a pay to win mechanic. and the weapon rebalance has destroyed the weapons, either making a weapon extremely under powered or over powered. revolvers do more damage than some sniper rifles, a dmr does more damage than a sniper, all shotguns except for double barrelled shotguns were nerfed to oblivion and most pistols are one shotting enemies on the highest difficulty. these changes have rendered the game completely unplayable and i will not be returning to payday 2 until these issues have been fixed. (i should also mention a humorous bug that is currently in the game. the minigun used to give a movement penalty and had mods that would reduce the movement penalty. they removed the minigun movement penalty but not the mods ability to increase speed, meaning with both speed increasing mods for the minigun, you run faster with it equipped than any other weapon)
quite disappointed that it isn't the next gen version of 2k14. feel cheated after watching those new and awesome features in ps4 & xbox1 and i bought this at half price during steam sales. steam should at least stated this in the description. not much difference from 2k13. but still it is the best sport game i ever played.
servidores lixos do ♥♥♥♥♥♥ a cada 30sg meu jogo para de responder e o pior que trava o pc todo ageitar esse server plz amigo
bought it for r18 mod. oh wait, paid mod.
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥. they shouldve made the dlc free for preorder people because they ♥♥♥♥ed up the game.
at the current state, the games content is mostly evolved around escort everyone and babysit everyone.aside from the quests which makes the story more interesting, gathering resources became a one man job, mostly, because you can only call for 1 scavenger at a time, and they will walk to the destination and collect a single sack of loot, then return home, which seems helpful at first, but later found out these so called scavengers will very often stuck and call for help, which then the player has to go and bail them out, alot of cases, when i finally get to them, there is very few zombies around, the scavenger will not move until the area is cleared.moving onto the combat, there is one thing bugs me greatly, at home base, suppressor can be crafted in the work shop, which is used to allow guns to be silenced until it is worn out, but there is no projectile weapon such as crossbow and bow, either these and the arrow/bolt they use will be much easier to craft then the suppressor itself, and produce less noise when used compared to a firearm.melee combat seems interesting at first, but i found it very lacking in damage progression, at max fighting skill level, it will still require at least 2 swings with a heavy weapon to get the zombie into a state where excute mechanics can be used. power attack(sprint and attack) does virtually nothing better then a normal attack except more time consuming.the quest generally consist holding off zombies and clear the area or hunt down a certain zombie.my conclution, the mechanics of this game in general has out paced its stories, since it keeps adding timed events which will penalise the player for missing them on top of the quest story, supply gathering and the restriction around those so you cannot do more then 1 quest at a time, even if they consist the same sort of goal, multiple supplies cannot be loaded onto cars and must be carried by someone in order to take home.edit 1: since it has been updated and i will go back into playing this for a bit and make changes to my review
dis uz'nt sum gud sheet
when i installed this game it came with a vial of anthrax. 0/10
this is going to be a short review because i'll definitely change it. for now, i don't recommend it. why? because it doesn't have enough content yet (in my opinion). i've been playing space engineers (made by the same people) and it has plenty of things to do and see, while, for the similar price of $20, medieval engineers just doesn't quite have enough to warrant the price tag.yes i know it is early access, and the base building is absolutely awesome, but i found myself playing for about 20 minutes and then getting bored. i will definitely change this review in the future when more content is added and when multiplayer is added. i regret buying it at this stage (21/02/2015).
dude this game suck dont ever buy this game its a wast of download and time. the problem is every 10 min i started to glicth i cant fix the bug so dont buy it ppl and also your game is started to freeze for a little that mean u are about to glicth then i cant stop glicthing. so dont ever buy this game!! ♥♥♥♥ i hate it it was a waste of time dont ever buy this game!!!!!
this game has been in the same state it was 8-9  months ago. it had potential, but the developers just took the money and ran away. now all we're left with is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, half-finished game that has potential, but will never live up to its full. oh, and the nightly updates are just another way chucklefish is trying to convince us it is working on this game, even though it seems to be moving at a snail's pace.
apparently is free to play... and yet is is being shared from a friend...
bought the game for 9c sold the trading cards for 20 trading card farming sim
booooring
alt+ tab simulator
got boring to quickly
just no if you want cancer go for it you're in for a treat
this game seemed like a great concept 2 years ago, but 2 years in early acess isn't all that reassuring that it won't end up like a game similar to starforge, which would be nice but seeing is that it's still in ea bothers me
how bout no hundreds of things were promised the game still needs to undergo optimization, the game makes it immpossible to progress, ark your better off getting ark survival evolved it's 100 times better than this and even expands on the basics, i have survived longer on ark with dinosaurs chasing me then i have with falling through the map.......overall do not buy this game unless for 2:50 or lower, i think this group who made this game made reign of kings do not buy that either because you will be disspointed with the same reult and unfinished buggy game still in early access, honestly i have no idea how this made it out of early access.
in the early game it is slow and boring and feels like you aren't getting anywhere.the late game is cool with big powerful aliens but to get to that stage is painful. i have hope that with patchs it will live up to civ 5 but for now it is a disaster.
had tons of fun before i switched over to windows 10. alot of people are also having problems playing on windows 10, so if you are on windows 10 be careful because it might not work.----- i actually had alot of fun on battle royal, so did alot of people and why h1z1 was popular and the devs took that in account and decide to do the thing that would make the players angry.seprate the battle royal mode and the surival mode and charge $24 for each game. yes you heard me, 24 dollars for each bloody game. even though if u originally owned the game you wouldnt need to buy battle royal again that means for new players it's really daunting. if you havn't checked out " the culling " it is a better version and a better vision for what a battle royal game should be. --- do not buy --
have really enjoyed this game, through the bad times and good times. playing with friends and laughing about the kills and deaths is what it is about. the dec's for this game are truly remarkable, really active on "reddit" and really do listen to peoples opinions. first two weeks of released the people have asked for "oceanic" and "eu" servers and we got the eu servers within a week and oce severs a week after. the combat is fun but can be stressful at times, guns are really strong but take alot of time and energy to obtain. even if you do obtain a gun theres only a few rounds in it. the cosmatics are all given to you for free for playing a round and depending how well you do or don't is how rare your loot is. the dev's also have a website where you can put in your votes as too what is important and what needs to be added into the game asap. overall i'll say if you like battle royal games and love having a laugh with a friend while they get brutally beaten with a stick, this game is for you!edit:i recommended this game when it first released but unfortunately i cannot recommand it anymore, with every patch comes a new problem and it has drove away many players. theres a delay even though i'm playing on the oce server (live in nz), takes forever to find a game now. i understand the dev's are trying to make the game better but they seriously need to get the game to a stable state before releasing more content.tldr: game worked before now it's laggy and it takes forever to find a game.
for some reason it says i must purchase it again?(keep in mind i never requested a refund)
cant get it working dont no why
after playing for what feels like years doing the monotonous crafting and resource gathering and finially going out into the universe and hoping for all the things they promised in the mounths before. this game is dull, boring misleading and most of all after spending so much time trying to get to the centre of the universe they give you the middle finger. this game is a huge let down and the 60 usd i spent to get it was over priced for the final result, i was hoping to be ble to take controll of a charactors life and choices thought a almost endless galaxy but instead it feels like you in a dull and almost static universe with no goal and nothing to do.
gaben, oh lord gaben seems to always try to fix stuff that isnt broken nd change things that dont need to be changed thats steam :)
zombies is broken
no. ♥♥♥♥ no!. fun for like until u understand how depressingly bad everything is, there is good things about it but would i play this for longer than hr?.. i guess i did. but that was because i paid good money for it then tried to justify my purchase with maybe it gets better.. well it doesnt. i just wish i waited till it was like 50cents or sumfin. then again f♥♥♥♥ it just skip this ♥♥♥♥. my first might and magic game and prolly my last. im just so lost i need a game. im truely swimming through ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games now. i knew i wasnt gonna like it when i was hovering over the purchase button ♥♥♥♥ i shoulda got banner saga or sumfin it was this or black guards i played the demo blackguards was meh so i thought maybe try my luck this since had no demo and all i can say is i lost, fair and square. steam doesn't refund.
เกมนี้ ไม่สามารถเล่นได้ จึงจะขอเงินคืนค่ะ
hit level 30 and grind in the darkzone on mobs because dying rouge or just to npcs makes you lose 1-3 ranks and 20% dz credits. missions that make you zzz and horrible end game. s a d a g e n t s.
i get an error code and game wont down load
it is really buggy.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah my ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
very tedious and buggy game, glad i didnt got it from family sharing. pirate this.
stop standing up for atari this game was suppose to be released last year however they change it to early access the week it was to be released. wait for planet coaster to be fully released or buy  their early access version. its alot better graphically and gameplay wise.edit ok the new update has improved the game a bit.. if they keep it up the game will turn around and ill thumb it up :d
not very fun... i just found it a confusing mess of clicking, and all that crap.4/10not recommended.
assassins creed unity has really dissapointed gamers. at first i thought that all the bugs and framerate issues couldn't be that bad, so i bought it. worst. mistake. ever. at first, the game seems fairly good. you start in a sort of tutorial mission which teaches you most of the mechanics. then you become an novice assassin and start with some weak gear. you then look at all the things you can customize. cool! not really. most of the items you will probably never acquire throughout the game, due to lack of steady income, unless you fully renovate the cafe theater. the main storyline was actually okay, probably one of the only good aspects of this game. i remember the game bugging me and saying that i should upgrade my gear before i started a quest. yeah, thanks game for reminding me that i have to get better gear with money that i don't have. paris stories were awful. literally no different from one another. go steal something, go assassinate one guy in the streets etc. one guy. come on ubisoft, at least make the paris stories even slightly more interesting or different. you won't come back to this game once the main storyline is finished. why? because there is absolutley nothing to do. multiplayer is empty. no-one plays it, so you can forget about that feature entirely. any side quest there are is usually drab and boring. overall this is a game which can probably keep you occupied for a short period of time. its definitely not worth the money. go get black flag and save some money for another game. seriously its a real shame that the newest ac game is so terrible.
remember when soe was good? i know its only been like a year since theyve done anything good but the legacy will be missed, another company down  the hole :(
no subtlety at all.doesn't even pretend to be subtle.the narrator spends the game stating the obvious and just broke any sense of immersion and he may as well have been a friend telling me about that guy he knows. he needed to do more helping you through the game, less explaining the obvious interpretation. especially given the ending. it would've been more impacting if you had made the same assumptions that the narrator had made independently of him telling them to you. because then you could've felt like you were in the narrator's shoes.i saw the trailer and thought "oh, so i get to do some discovery about who this guy is. sweet."i got "oh, so i get to listen to someone telling me who this guy is for 90 minutes."
i tried to enjoy this game, i really did.but when rose started explaining some expositional crap about how certain cognition powers worked in episode one (it just dragged on and i simply didn't care), it was unskippable, and i just brought up facebook in the steam overlay and missed nothing at all when it finished.it's just not immersive, and the puzzles were more annoying than interesting. i did like the art style, and the demo i thought was quite good which was why i ended up buying it, but the full version just felt like it dragged on so much. i used the message dad thing a lot more toward the end because i just wanted the episode to end and couldn't be bothered looking for the solutions myself. also, how many times do you have to show the same vision of her dying? like, we get it, you saw yourself die. stop seeing it repeatedly and acting surprised each time it happens. should clarify i gave up partway through episode 2.
puzzles are fun, well thought out. i enjoy playing it. but i have to not recommend it for the following:it's far too short. i got it on special for $0.49, and i think that was worth it given how little there was to it, but i'm not sure i'd spend $2 on a game that first time can be beaten in under half an hour. i'm aiming for 100% completion entirely to get my money's worth. i really do want to see more levels using the same mechanics. unfortunately its length is making me not recommend it, but if you are the sort of person who has $2 that they really don't need, then i guess it's worth putting here.
compared to this game, bad rats is game of the year.
i really think they should organise this game for both steam and the website download, i noticed i had to migrate account. i didn't even understand the instructions. >.< sometimes on steam the login doesn't work at times.
do not play aloneif you absolutely 100% need to get this game, make sure someone else suffers with you. otherwise, the difficulty spikes and the monotony of the gameplay will just wear you down.i was really hoping for something good with the amount of focus on the story in battleborn's marketing campaign. alas, it's very subpar and not up to standard. i would not recommend this game to anyone unless you were madly obsessed with borderland's co-op.
y u mak reuben die yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
damn crap its so damn hard to authorize your account
when i install some addons from the workshop,load the game, i cant even find the addons and cant install any at the game
yeah skins no
i've honestly tried my hardest to like this game but at every turn i've had such a poor experience, the gameplay itself is top notch, it's easily the best mk game of them all! the issue is with the streaming content method via steam, i bought the kollectors edition which is great i was so pleased to open the box, i found a slightly scuffed game case but that wasn't a big deal because i had a nice scorpion model, this is when i found out none of the game was even on the dvd, it was simply a barebones steam installer.okay so that was no worries, i downloaded what i could of the game at a friends place and got started, no worries. then came the updates, i downloaded those on my phone internet at home (cant get adsl) and could play now all of a sudden its telling me none of my dlc isnt installed. i swear i have downloaded 20gb of content for this game and its telling me i only have 4gb. i have no idea whats going on but i'm not happy with how this game is being supported. i just want to enjoy it but all these issues outside of the game experience has got me to the point i just want to remove it and play something thats not so much hassle.
completely bare and unplayable.
it may be a good game but its pay to win and i dont like that.
this game is horrible. i'm only wasting my time writing this so you don't waste your time playing it.
it does what it says on the tin, you shoot zombies. sometimes they shoot back.probably worth 50 cents, i've played better flash games. get ready to get stuck on ♥♥♥♥ and reset just when your about to beat the last boss, wacky!!!at least the horrible english on the congratulation! screen is funny.
this game feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job simulator 2014, you are looking after a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ children for 9 hours and the only reason you keep turning up is because you feel obligated to finish.
dev is a c&*t
new update game always crashes
game lag's like hell or my ping is most of the time godam above 1000+
i was hoping this would be a complete revamp of pacific storm with awsome new things but instead i found the same old problems. stupid ship ai, this reaaly gets me mad when my massive fleet beaches itself and gets bombed to bits by the enemy.  even the new teams are awful. some ships are just reskins of older ships and teams like russia, germany and france all are lacking things as simple as aircraft carriers and planes. this game is a real dissapointment but the orginal is still better.
it says i have played for three hours but it say 12 minutes on library
♥♥♥♥ing smae ♥♥♥♥, p[eice of ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game so ♥♥♥♥ shit suck my white review game is ♥♥♥♥ i wish it never was for free it ♥♥♥♥

p.s it's in beta so probs be fixed
cs:go with clown masks 10/10
it's very appealing for 8-11-year-olds, that's for sure.
decepcionado con la ultima actualizacion, si bien el modo de juego nuevo es muy divertido, el sistema de cajas tan famoso y que tanto temia llego...
a waste of time.trust me im not some idiot talking out of my ♥♥♥ the game is unfinished we cant finish a series or whole campaign on co op. patches have a 'chance of wrecking your saves' and it was incomplete now as to when it came out. i'm discusted and do not recomend this
game is dead.can't play it!
used to be an amazing game with a great concept but now they just overly nerf classes and take a long time to fix problems.
game has problem on launch, comes up with acbfsp.exe has stopped working, i have tried every fix i've found to no avail, i have reinstalled 3 times. even though it says i have 50+mins, i've only played for 40min as it did intailly work but no obviously doesn't. i'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off as i had this game on an xbox 360 (which i sold) and it is my favourite ac. the game is great but doesn't work.
0/10 would not pay 2 win
this is the toast game that came before i am bread.gameplay was inarguably fantastic, the graphics were nice and retro, though the music got pretty annoying and the resolution was mobile resolution. all in all, buy if you want to play it 2-3 times and ignore it after, that's what i did.
simply not interesting enough for me to keep playing, i haven't played it since it came out, and my friend's situations were similar. not sure about the game quality, but from other users i can see that people think its not as good as 3 or nv. not judging the game quality, but if a game isn't interesting enough for me to keep playing it, thats saying something
another fun with freinds game :duntil they heisted us with microtransactionspoor form overkill
get the new one, for me this version of the game doesnt even start.
payday 2 is decent game with a decent community, but the main problem comes in the from of horrible a.i during missions and learing the menus, the game does not clearly state which is "multiplayer" or which match is best for you to join, all it does is chuck you in the deep end and learn the ropes yourselfs. but as i said this game has a decent gameplay and a decent community but does not help balance the negatives of the game.5.5/10
this game is a great game, but in it's current form -- it's bad, worse than previous updates.day z is one of the greatest survival games out there. even thought the game is very buggy and alot of glitches at the point of writing the review, this game is great fun to have with friends. you can choose your own adventure, kill whoever you like, team up with whoever you like or gather any gear to which you like. day z also creates a great sense of horror with the sound of zombies nearby (escpecially in the dark), but it wont matter if you have weapon of any sort. there is alot of fun to be had in day z (alpha is preety ♥♥♥♥ though).8.5/10 (old)5/10 (new)
정말 열심히 근성을가지고 해보려했으나멘탈에 금이가고, 암세포가 생겨나면서 암덩어리때문에항암치료를 받느라 게임을 더이상 진행할 수 없었다.
이거 우주 멸망할떄쯤에는 정식으로 나오긴함?패치를 무슨 대통령임기비슷하게하고있네
좆같아서못해먹겠다진짜영국팔아먹을라고 겜하나coh1번들로나왔을때 렐릭아 아프지마하면서 애정을가지고 즐기고있는데영국팔아먹기시작하더니 버그나와도 고칠생각도안하고 핫픽스 사람 다빠지면해줄라나f u k
실행안됨시무룩..
this game will never reach beta.
when i go to make an accont its all ways say's you do not meet the requirements to register for an account so i get peed off and shut down my pc or play a game
i play this game and yet i do not recommend it, apart from a specific few. the grind in this game is too hard, instead of habing a fun time blowing up planes and vehicles, you spend hours upon hours grinding just for one tier 2 plane. the reason why i still play this game is that i love the grind, its very enjoyable to me.i would probably give this a 3/10 unless you like going on a grind for years to get every plane and tank there is, then i would give a 9/10.
it sucks ♥♥♥♥. i dont ♥♥♥♥ing like this game. it just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. and i wont buy it again.
i played this game today for an hour wich is all it takes to complete maybe less as i did leave the room for 15 minutes, it was "ok" they over extended the house walk through and the swan scene which mad it boring.
got bord in 1 hr
no just nowell it lags lotssssssssss and its just ..... no sucks no just no get some thing else no just no!!!!!
eh. the car can't be customised and the parts are exclusive to the car.if you like bttf, then by all means buy this.i just bought it so i have everything.
i loved you like a son.why did you forsake me, loadout?i paid $20 bucks for the launch pack.
i saw some zombies glitch and lag around then went into a house and a zombie walked through the closed door and i died 10/10
early access? more like take your money and sit on it for a year.
this is made by people who don't really understand how a branching story with multiple endings work. don't bother wasting 50 something mb on this game.
unpolished, unrefined and incredibly incoherent. can't figure out anything about it and just seems like it took the devs a week to create it. ea could do a better job. 3/10 avoid like roblox
es un poco complejo de entender. sólo jugué el tutorial y ya estaba haciendo cosas que no se habían explicado. le estoy dando tiempo para poder hacerme una mejor idea y poder recomendarlo como corresponde.got a free copy of the game from orlygift.com
un juego muy caótico, con muchas físicas y muchos controles desde el principio. habría que hacer unos niveles más simples al principio para hacerse con los controles. tiene muchas risas y los vuelos y choques son cómicos, pero me ha costado terminar una carrera. me parece que le falta trabajo para ser un buen juego. la idea es buena y divertida.
this game just disgusts me, one major issue i have with it is the respawn timedo not buy.
this game. this ♥♥♥♥ing game.pros:-cons: - it existsp.s tom you piece of ♥♥♥♥, you did this to me and now i am cursed to have this game in my library.
nope.couldn't choose your own server.if the game matchmacking was similar to black ops (choose your own server from a list) then i would have played this so much more.i believe cod is slowly dying.
realmente lembra aquele jogo clássico de ps1 que joguei muuuito na minha infancia, mas o grande problema é a quantidade de bugs que realmente é incrível, valeu a tentativa. 6/10
o problema talvez seja meu mac, mas o jogo realmente nao funcionou em meu computador, se fecha sozinho e nao da para jogar, infelizmente nao posso recomendar esse jogo.
refund please
não inicia. o jogo não inicia, mas não é meu pc de bosta que está fazendo isso (eu acho) aparece o jogo carregando, mas depois de um tempo fecha sozinho. estou com vontade de jogar por favor resolvam isso
this game is very very very bad.please for the love of god dont play it.if you happen to get it for free idle it for cards and move on.under no circumstances should you actually pay money for this game.
เกมนี้กากมากซื้อไปไม่คุ้ม
so, i made a short sentence saying this game was good. i loved it.♥♥♥♥ robocraft.removing tiers, adding megabots, buffing even more ♥♥♥♥ that shouldn't have in.what else do they have?♥♥♥♥ing mechs and shields. why though? because idiots like all of us will think its cool because it looks flashy and awesome. it really isn't.they have dlc. on an early access game that was once good. why?they even removed coloured blocks. and then you have to buy them.please do not get this game.
yes, the game is, or for most people, was good.but overkill themselves are not.at least stay true to your word, then people might trust you.again, the game is great, logged many hours on it, love it. but overkill need to get their stuff together if they wanna keep a healthy, thriving playerbase.
rubbish copy of counter strike which is a good game but they have ruined it. hate this game worst graphics worst lag no australian servers wth this is what to expect from most f2p games there are some exceptions (tf2, dota 2, raceroom racing experience, blacklight retribution, not many more :( ) 0.5/10 horrible game dont waste your time downloading buy counter strike (any version) and you will be way more satisfied
this game is so horrible, good thing it was free
its controls are ♥♥♥♥ed
it didnt work i spent ages installing it and i started to play it and then it was just a blank black screen can someone help me!
hate it!
hate it
i didnt like it
pague por um jogo que está a 3 anos no early accessde verdade, o jogo tem potencial. não recomendo comprar até sair do "acesso antecipado"
♥♥♥♥ game, got banned over 3 times for power going out. its not my fault the power goes out. aswell as you only getting 3 mins to reconnect
its like playing warz again!, all i found was bleach while looting houses wish i could of drank it so i wouldn't have installed this game and see it be on the marketplace.
the gameplay and mechanics of the game a great but the perfortmance is utterly laughable for a game running ue3.for a aaa release this sort of performance issues along with a $40 season pass is terrible.do not recommend
ok, lets begin with the legit stuffthis game is crap, doesnt run on pc and wb should be ashamed, if your going to release a game that doesnt work, then we buy it, give us some respect by saying sorry and give us a free game instead of waiting for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to get fixed, i didnt waste all my money to pre order this game to find out it doesnt work. give us a different batman game instead of making us stare at the game case wishing we could play this gameyou guys suck over at wb, you guys are lazy
they done ♥♥♥♥ed up
i spent a fair amount of time playing this game. i enjoyed playing this game! it is a fun experiencethe moba - fps gameplay is fun! the character designs are awesome. the humor in the game is what you'd expect from borderlands, not that its a bad thing. playing with friends is, of course, a far better experience, but regardless, its still fun to play with strangers.unfortunately, the way things are going for battleborn, i can't recommend it. on the first few weeks of playing, there were already issues with connectivity. oceania players have been having troubles with connecting to a game, with wait times lasting as long as 15 - 20 minutes, and when they do get put into a game, the match ends up being very unbalanced with players being teamed up with others that are either complete beginners or long playing veterans. there have also been issues regarding performance. certain levels in the game can even strain the highest performing gaming rigs. this results in players choosing certain levels in pvp. if this isn't an issue for you then fine, but playing on the same levels time and time again for the sake of keeping a solid frame rate can get a bit tedious. can't enjoy a nice juicy steak if that's all you're ever gonna eat. sometimes you want a cheeseburger... or something. whatever, bad example. i'm sure that theese issues will be solved in future patches. with the game going for 40% off after only being out for 3 weeks, i'd say buy it, but at full price, it just isn't worth it. if you are thinking about buying this game, buy it during a sale. otherwise, set aside battleborn and buy o-...ther games that are well worth their full price.
okayi love this game. i have put a good amount of hours into this game. the reason why i can't recommend this game is because ubisoft. i have bought the game and linked it to my uplay account. several years later, i saw the game on my library and i figured i'd play it again because recent installments weren't exactly what i was expecting. i started the game but wait, the serial number has already been used by another uplay account. i thought, " wait, that cannot be. i only have one uplay acc - oh right! i forgot my uplay account details and password so i had to make a new one when i bought the division.".rather not wanting to buy the game again, i figured i recover my details from ubisoft. but no. that doesn't work. clicked on 'recover my password' only to have it redirect me to a blank white page. i went to ubisoft's website to click on account management only to be presented with a blank white page with it saying nothing more than "invalid parameters". when i try to send which email address i'm trying to recover the password for, i get shown "error. an error occurred while processing your request."i may sound whiny about ubisoft's 'impeccable' websites and account support, but for good reason. i wouldn't normally be complaining about this, but i am only because it has been like this since last year. but at least the game was good.thanks ubisoft.
only bought the dlc because i was bored with fallout 4. got back into it for a few hours and i'm already bored. not to say that this dlc isn't fun. this took up a few hours of my week, but after several play sessions, i was already done with the dlc and asked myself, "now what?".wanna be an evil raider boss? here's a few hours of gameplay. don't want to be said evil raider boss? kill all the raider gang leaders and later ask yourself, "...what now?". seriously though, if you want to stay the goodie two-shoes you are and kill the gang leaders, that's as far as this dlc will take you. often at times, i felt that i was forced to be evil to be able to experience more of the dlc. while fun, it fell short. no replayability on the dlc because of the issue above. it forces you to be evil just so you can experience the dlc fully. if you still want to be the hero, expect the dlc to last you an hour at most.
skipping past the launch issues (crashing, horrible framerate, etc), no man's sky failed to live up to my expectations. granted, we were given an infinite universe to explore, space battles, trading and upgrading, and i truly enjoyed the time i had to do all those things, but those things lose its charm almost after the first few days of playing (3-4 hours a gaming session). after the first few planets and galaxies, i was left the thought, "now what?". explore more planets? sure why not. but after a while, each undiscovered planet i came across only had me going," eh, i'll check that out later". for a game that's all about exploring planets while travelling to the center of the universe, being bored of exploration shouldn't be happening. but it does. why? because while all planets are supposedly unique in terms of flora and fauna, you're pretty much expecting to see the same thing. i was told that i can try to learn all the alien languages and words, but i asked myself, "why though? most of the time, i can make out what they are saying despite the broken english". "upgrade your ship/suit/tool to max!" but why?! it'll only make doing the same thing (exploring the galaxy full of lifeless planets) that more convenient. i'll be seeing the same planets over and over again, just with a different colored sky.i feel that this game will have no man left to explore the skies of countless, yet lifeless, planets. i fell into the hype, and i'm paying the price ( $80 aud ). i wanted to like this game! if anything i hate the fact that i hate this game. i wish i coule get a refund before i hit the 2 hour mark, but i was being optimistic hoping that there is something more if i just kept at it. apparently with this game, its not about getting to the destination, but rather the journey to getting there. after playing for a while, i wanted to get to the center as fast as possible just so i can feel satisfied in spending $80 and be done with it.
this game is one of the only game i ever played where there is more hours in download time then actuall gameplay.it takes 20 minutes to get all 5 players in a team then another 10 minutes just to find a game.it takes about 30 seconds gameplay is boring as ♥♥♥♥.the only good thing about this game is the uninstall button
♥♥♥♥ uplay. why should i have to use another service to play a game through steam? this is ♥♥♥♥ed. get your ♥♥♥♥ together ubisoft!
pesimo juego, mala jugabilidad, la camara alejada le pone peor al juego, tardas 2000 horas en tratar de encontrar una partida, es mas para frikis gordos que no tienen nada que hacer ¬¬
>:c
got this free in a giveaway, i installed, started and let it run to just get the steam cards.3.7 hours and 4 steam cards later i close.  "yargis is synching" ... huh? ... turns out 73.89mb where being stored on steam cloud ... for idling in the game!this is the highest synched data for a game i have on steam and all for doing jack$%!*
the good, the bad and the ugly! - 3 view points on each.the good- when on sale for under 30c you can make an easy profit selling the cards!- a puzzle game similar to the old leemings in a way that will get your mind working.- the several methods of death for the cat.the bad- took me 2 hours of just idling or mucking about to get the 3 card drops .... same amount took me 30 mins or less in defy gravity (which is a far better game for a similar price when on sale)- very low resolution settings so things will appear big and out of shape or blurry.- there is so many bad things i could list ... which one to pick ...how about; "i want the plank on a certain angle in this small space *fiddles with mouse* stop automatically rotating it too far ... i said stop damn you!"the ugly- the graphics .... sooo horrible!- so not for children! don't have children in your house when playing this game .... or if the kid is annoying you then run the game and watch them go crying to mummy!- after you get the 3 card drops you should uninstall and never play this again!
it is fun at first but gets extremly repetitive and is not worth $60.
it is not very good there are few servers ♥♥♥♥ gameplay and constant lag.
let me begin i purchased this game in late 2013 and put up with the sheer amount of dlc's released since then, i bought the gage courier pack, the gage sniper pack and many other dlc's but sometime since then i realised that this game was not worth it.i returned to this game last week and noticed that you can now buy stat boosting microtransactions. i still remember back in 2013 that overkill specifically said that there were to be no microtransactions.http://www.gamespot.com/articles/payday-2-wont-have-microtransactions/1100-6410303/i am not surprised at the amount of community backlash that has occured since then. if i could get a refund i would do it.avoid this garbage, please.
played the tutorial... and hated it.looks like a cheap rip off of counter strike.the ai seems to sense you when your still on the other side of the map.don't buy this game...ever
2/10i wanted to play some counterstrike until i was faced with a levelling system in order to play competitively. the ranks are worth nothing more than to say "ive played longer than you" which still isnt any indication of skill. when will ranks be about actual skill level and less about total play time? then theres the weapon skin franchise, which is basically encouraging kids to gamble which is quite sad. the amount of money you can sink into silly gun paint is ridiculous. i spent less than 5 bucks on about 10 different weapon skins with stat-trak, instead of paying $2.50 for potential crap, so why bother buying keys and cases at all? if you want the excitement of gambling without actually wasting money, go watch the people who do 100 cases at a time on youtube.
my games froze and then i exited and its cep on saying lost connetction
its not leting me play
toxic community second only to rust
the chat gave my eyes cancer10/10 most carcinogenic community i've ever been exposed to
single play boring , cannot get anyone to coop
only just bought the game but so far, i can see why it's rated so well - great script and storyline. however, battle mechanics in my opinion are way too clunky. see for yourself - but i don't recommend it.
a really really bad game. has models basically ported from halo, really really bad mechanics and bad sounds. would not recommend. though, it's so bad, it's actually funny.
32gb of ram played digger online 512mb of ram what the heck it ate my ram
90% of quests in fallout 4:"hey can you help me pls"no yessarcasmmaybe"okay good! kill alot of raiders!"[kills alot of raiders]"cool, but now you gotta kill a bunch of feral ghouls"yes no wheres my sonn?????!!1111sarcasm[kills ghouls]"okay, cool but now you have got to kill a bunch of super mutants!"wheres my son u ♥♥♥♥♥ faggimme more caps ♥♥♥♥nosarcasm[kills super mutants]"ok here is some caps"i lost mah son );yesokay sure[quest ends, starts new quest]"hi can you kill some ghouls?"thus it repeats1/10
so when i first got this game it was good, i had some fun times wondering around, finding recourse, then making a house. time passes and i have another crack at this game. it takes me like 10min to join a server, when i do theres no one on, legit couldn't find anyone, couldn't find any wepones, couldn't find anything. if you wan't a game where you wait an hour to join then finally get on, just to walk around in small town and do nothing, i highly suggest you try this.
elite is a decent game, and the flying is enjoyable.the game is seriously lacking in content, especially for a game in it's price range. the decision to consider this game as "finished" and release the horizons expansion as a seperate purchase is outright insulting to be honest. i can't recommend a game that doesn't bother to offer much gameplay, then wants to charge you again for aspects which should be included.
chef
daily crashes during competitive matches for which you get a ban if you don't rejoin, had to validate game cache during a competitive match today and yesterday. you've had enouigh time and money to fix this broken game for a while valve, now stop flipping off your customers and do it.
bohemia m8, i r8 with h8 this game b8 0/8.seriously though, stay away from this game. if anything, check out the mods, at least they are free, and just generally better. epoch is quite good as you get fairly solid base building tools, vehicle modifications and random missions against bandits, mad scientists, heroes, and treasure hunters. even with the best of pcs this game runs horribly. it's hard enough trying to survive in this game without your frame rate dropping to the point where you can't even aim to kill a zombie or player who is trying to kill you. add to that the insane amount of cheaters and combat loggers and it is basically a death match, with random chances to die for no reason being extremely common (e.g. stand up in a house, die because the floor breaks your legs). also, logging in and finding that a really nice piece of clothing or bullet proof vest you have has somehow become ruined (and thus damaging all of the gear in the clothing inventory slots) is common, and really frustrating. rip plate carrier vest with gun pouch and gorka military pants/jacket. may 2015 - may 2015, i crie evrytiem.i can't fathom why this game is priced so highly for early access, not when full release indie games (which can offer a much better experience) are usually lower in price. elements that have been fixed for a long time in the mod (helicopter crashes, persistence, lack of loot) are suddenly broken in the standalone. even new elements introduced into the standalone are broken later when something else is changed.this game might be more worthwhile when it is finished, but in its current state it is really not worth it. avoid. it's like life, only @ 10fps, with guns- ign
click click and ♥♥♥♥ing click, not as good as sakura clicker though
i like playing dota with my mates in the philippines. i play in australia and without wtfast i get 140-150 ping. now with wtfast? playing in australia? no change. playing with friends in the philippines? 180 ping. just what the ♥♥♥♥? and you guys want me to post a good review for your application when it obviously does nothing? i tried various settings to optimise the connection but to no obvious advantage of using the application. uninstalled. and this isn't a troll wtfast developers! you guys have no respect for reviewers!
well if you live in australia than you would understand this. our servers are plagued with foreigners with sky high ping and all they do is team up and kill everyone for no reason. even if you just respawned. it mainly seems to be asians & brazilians.its not racist or anything its the truth. for some reason they all flock to our server not being able to understand a word of english and just kill everyone and horde all items. single handely why the game needs so many fixes and wipes. because its filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.so until they make it people exeeding a ping of 140 can't play on the server & ban all these exploiters and greivers.  i will never rate this game good.
this game sucks
ok i dont write many reviews, but i felt i had to on this one because so many people with under a hour or two keep saying its bad....the game is not bad, the game is near perfect for hitman! its the best of blood money and the best of absolution together. great game very well done.however, my reason for not recommending this game is because of the epicodic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...come on honestly its basicly a season pass to the game itself.season passes were a horrible idea to make even more money on what used to be patches....now we basicly have a season pass on a normal game....this isnt cool and gaming companies need to stop all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and just release full games with free patches...
i hate this game so much, i want my money back. i cant believe how boaring and glitchy this game is, i know you say you meant to have those glitches but deep down everyone knows you just cant be bothered fixing them i do not recomend getting this, its fun for the first play, but it gets bad and fast
i am verry dissapointed, i want my money back or something, i know no one will respond, but seriously... i cant believe i bought this. worse still my product key doesn't work on multiplayer, so it never works
this game was made great by mods and the modding community. through those mods it remained relevant and purchased far longer than it otherwise would have. but bethesda and valve are now willing to destroy that community -and in valve's case, potentially destroy the modding communities of countless other current and future games- in order to wring the last drops from the cash cow.if you're considering buying this game right now, you should keep your wallet closed until and unless valve and bethesda admit their mistake and put the paid workshop to sleep. skyrim without mods is a mere shadow of the game you've heard people talk about, and in the near future it could cost many times the base purchase price to mod it properly.
nice game but it does not save! hours of my progress are lost!
graphics tearing + no one plays this anymore
what the hell is this. i buy the game, install the game, start the game and the resolution is ♥♥♥♥ed to the point where the cam is up in the top left corner. tryed to restart it or even patch it but nothing works now i have to reinstall the 31 gb ♥♥♥♥ing game this will be fun.
não tem como criar salas para jogar com os amigos, é tudo automatico, não tem como fazer o ks igual no primeiro the duel, gerencimanto de banda é horrivel, o host fica com algum player e o ping dos outros players ficam alto por causa da internet do host, eu gostava muito do primeiro the duel, mas sinceramente esse decepcionou bastante, não recomendo a ninguém,
멈춤현상이 계속 생기네요.. 제발이부분만 해결좀해주세요 이현상때문에 제가아는 애들이랑 못하고있어요...
nope
 recieiver games rarely consider the details of ammunition. the amount of rounds a player carries shows up as a number in the interface, and reloading requires nothing more than tapping a button. actually handling and managing the bullets that go into a gun is a complex task, however. receiver, an first-person shooter (fps) from wolfire games, wants to remind us of that fact. unfortunately, it never makes it clear why we should care.receiver drops the player into a randomly-generated set of rooftop rooms and tasks him with recovering 11 tapes of droning narration (without subtitles) and that explain the game's story. the player begins with an unpredictable loadout including one handgun in one of various states and some ammunition. the player may also start with a flashlight or, if his gun is semi-automatic, a spare magazine or two. he must then move through the multi-tiered linear world looking for the tapes, which can be frustrating since one can go through at least nine rooms in a row without encountering a single one. i myself haven't managed to get all 11 in a single playthrough before dying.the game only has two kinds of enemies: a stationary gun turret and a flying drone, both of which can kill the player with a single hit. each has some associated visual cues, but most of the time the player will need to hear their alert chirps to know when he's been spotted and when it's safe to move. the distribution of enemies changes, and on rare occasions they can be avoided. because enemies are difficult to evade and pickups can be hard to see, however, killing everything in a room is generally the only option.receiver started as a response to a seven-day fps challenge and definitely feels like it, from its spare graphics to its room-entry stutter. the hook for the game is that it presents the process of actually reloading the firearm in a significant level of detail. the hud has no ammo count, and bullets do not magically fly from the corpses of your enemies into magazines the player can swap out every time he takes a breath. rounds must be gathered manually and loaded into magazines by hand, with the gun safely tucked away. if there's no spare magazine, the player has to eject the empty, refill it, then shove it back home again. the only way to know the number of bullets remaining is to remember how many have been fired or check by eye.receiver fails to establish that the complexity of gun handling matters. the detailed reloading scheme doesn't speak to the story, the aesthetic, or the other mechanics. receiver doesn't treat aiming or shooting the weapon with the same carefulness it reserves for reloading, and doesn't fiddle much with the basics of movement, yet running and shooting are the core verbs of the game. by making the world randomly generated, the developers give up the opportunity to design encounters where efficient reloading matters. as a consequence, becoming more skilled with the game's most intricate systems doesn't make a player any more likely to succeed. receiver's complex gun-handling mechanics are irrelevant in the context of its larger design.that's a shame, because the larger design has nothing to recommend it. the perfunctory story and low-poly world of receiver aren't interesting to explore in their own right, much less when one must overcome the game's unforgiving difficulty. the choice to generate the world randomly might add replay value, but it also adds much to the frustration level while costing the game the ability to present rewarding encounters that highlight its unique mechanics. receiver has a neat idea at its core, but that didn't translate into an interesting game.final score:  3.5   4 /10 
i didnt really like this game and i quit shortly after trying it out. the look of this game is appealing, but i didnt get what to do as i was randomly talking to people wanting directions. there was no tutorial that tells me what to do or the controls. it wasn't a fun experience for me and i will probably never play it again. score (from my experience): 2.5/10 (sorry for the hate)
pros:- graficos decentes.y nada mas...contras:- jugabilidad basura.- malos emparejamientos.- jugadores lentos y sin reaccion (un jugador rapido se puede pasar a tu equipo solo corriendo y los porteros presionan mal).- lag y continuas desconexiones.- injusticia en cuanto a las desconexiones (varias veces tu rival se desconecta y el partido se anula no ganas gp ni nada, a mi me paso que iba ganado 3-0 al minuto 80' y el partido se anulo. en cambio cuando a uno se le cae el internet pierdes automaticamente sea lo que sea).- sistema de los balones (casi siempre los balones negros te tira jugadores de rango 80 justo y los balones dorados te tiran lo que quieren). en mi humilde opinion no vale pena darle el tiempo a este juego ya que mas que divertirse pasaran momentos de ira.
rigged, all they want is your money...
i was very surprised to find that i could turn in the game >:(. i was dead set on not turning when i read the title
i7 4790k 16gbs of ram and a 970 and the game still lagging a lot, #noman'slag dont buy this game.
good competitive fps, good rego, no lag compensation ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no random fps spikes, takes skill, awesome bunny hopping nevermind orange box enginegg valve
this here is a game that looks extremely positive and looks like it can turn out to be a fantastic game on release. however, right now performance for this game is quite bad as i can run gta online, full of people on mixed settings and get absolutely no lag at all but for this game i have everything in the settings set on low and i am constantly lagging and rubberbanding (this is me playing on a server with just one friend btw). until they update the game and improve the performance i would avoid this game.
don't get this. the end.
♥♥♥♥ paid mods
was gonna be so good, ♥♥♥♥ed it up. basicially a steal of your money kinda makes you not wanna buy alpha games anymore incase they end up like this pile of crap, un-finished just makes you wanna cry. why u do dis codehatch *slow clap*
the game is criminally bare bones with nothing to offer for casual fans.survival is the only mode to speak of ("story" doesn't count) and it has been artifically made more difficult to make it impossible for even pros to beat on hard. colors of costumes sit behind completion of these modes hence why they are so difficult. capcom will introduce the ability to micro pay for  the colours soon enough.capcom have made characters / uniforms "earnable" in an upcoming update but with the outragiously low earn rates  they have essentually made all items in the game forevermore microtransactions.addendum.capcom have not improved on multiplayer game play, rage quitting abounds.they have introduced the ability to micro pay for the colors behind the artifically hard survival mode, as i predicted.sfv + all current dlc will already, six months in, cost you $250.fight money is still criminally hard to come by, and dlc being introduced is only purchasable via real money, rendering fight money quite useless.
3deep5you and the reason steam refunds exist.
man the crushing inflated character progression designed to get you to buy vc is horrible, this is gaming in 2016 :(
mobile port, yo!
multiplayer doesnt work for windows 7.punkbuster is no longer supported for windows 7 and thus disabling the option to play on official servers. only buy this game if you are in it for the singleplayer
waiting simulator 2015
i guess warframe is a pve style game that puts players through a lot of missions & alerts that are basically all the same from the lowest level ones to the very highest. there are currently 4 or 5 different types of missions which range from exterminating enemies, to capturing wanted enemies & killing enemies to keep your oxygen levels up.warframes can all be obtained for free or by buying them for a cash shop currency called platnium. most players find them as it isn't hard but it can be very very repetative (the whole game is very very very much so) at this time there are a range of 17 or 18 frames available to players & each one has abilities that are unique to that frame.weapons & warframes can be upgraded by adding or removing mod cards that players get while doing missions (they are dropped by some of the enemies) this can give the weapon extra attributes that can make it do a few very helpful things like dealing certain types of damage. (like radiation damage or viral damage etc)the level system in warframe is a bit different from the sort most people will have encountered in most other games in that a player gains mastery points only by actually using weapons & frames so they level up. everything has a level cap of level 30 as far as frames & weapons go & atm the highest level available to players mastery is level 15 or 16 (cant remember atm sorry)warframe was a let down for myself as i have been playing for some time during it's development & it seems to have stalled hard. it has been turned into a grind fest with players having to basically do the same type of missions all the time from the vey lowest levels to the very highest. i wouldn't recommend the game to people i know in real life as it currently stands, & hopefully the developers will find the right track & make the game good again
d.a.b is another one of those fps style shooters where there really is no point to playing other than killing each other. although the game is easy to master it very quickly becomes boring to play as other than 2 or 3 minutes of server directed mission the only other thing to do is kill each other while basically doing a very very limited number of stunts for points.your character is controlled by the usual keys (w,a,s,d) & the mouse & the key binbdings can be customised.most of the maps are not real big & most of the weapons are able to shot from one side all the way to the other. atm there are at least 1 of the weapons in the game that are overpowered but you are able to choose from 2 types of pistols & 3 or 4 types of rifles from m16 through to a shotgun.there is no real way of boosting health back up once you have lost it other than dying & respawning at full health again. when killed there is basically no drawback as everything in the game is free & available to all players all the time.d.a.b is not a game i would recommend to anyone that asked me though at the moment as the game is currently struggling to keep the few players it still has. (there are at least 100 characters playing the game by the leader board around the world) at some times of the day you will struggle to find a server with more than 6-8 players on it & just about every day you will struggle to find more than 40 or 50 in total online at any one time.the graphics for the game are not bad but they suffer from a few bugs still in some places. i would guess that just about any computer could handle this game at it's lowest settings but am not sure what the minimum system reqs are.d.a.b has inbuilt voice communications ability & all a player really needs is their headset & they are able to talk to other players in the same game as they are. having to put up with some of the younger people that use the voice comms can be very frustrating though as they tend to make stupid noises & stupid voices over it. (atm i am not sure if you are able to mute individual players which is maybe something they will do in the future)in summing up i really can't recommend that anyone take the time to download this game as it is very much dying atm due to a fast growing number of hackers that basically wreck the game for 15 minutes for everyone else by 1 shoting other players which doesn't give you a chance as most of the weapons in the game take several shots to kill another player with so you always loose to trying to face off with them.maybe if the developers do something about the lack of in the game then the game would be a whole lot better, but with the hackers, the lack of much to do ingame & the repetitiveness i think they might have a huge task infront of them that they just may not be able to complete.so try it if you must but don't say i didn't warn you!
♥♥♥♥.
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3127521 "we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)" -almir listo"no micro-transactions whatsoever" (shame on you if you thought otherwise!) 
well this game was a waste of money
เน็ตที่ดีที่สุดในโลกก็เล่นแล้วเด้งออกมาเชื่อเหอะ
you really shouldn't. i think it's too boring. imagine warframe, except developed by ubisoft, and costs $61.95. not fun.  but thats my opinion.
looks like its from 1991
think this games good?think again.
pay to win, imbalances. developers ruined what was a fun game.
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but the consent crashing is making it almost impossible to play.
this game crashes a lot, i have trouble getting into a match and when i do the game crashes.
great variety of roles and unfortunatley not much content as of yet. definetly fun for a little while but i found this game hard to get into.
haha this game sucks
great game but lots of hackers. go play their other one, combat arms line of sight. its improved and apparently very little hackers.
was a good game until it started crashing and not allowing me to log on after exiting once
pretty much just 4 of the same characters that look different
doesn't have australian servers, can't host your own server either and it's literally a ♥♥♥♥ing ghost town. down't buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamesave your money.
with over 700hours i have some fond memories. uortunately overkill is starting to go the way of ea by ignoring earlier statements they have made. they have come around to their latest free give away and decedid to go with the ability to make microtransactions freely avaliable for all, despite statements in the earliest days that itwould never happen.
sanctum 2 the game i almost bought.interesting looking game that i had heard was very good so decided to try it out while it was free. what i found was solid enjoyable gameplay and co-op style playing that i rather enjoy.... and then i discovered it is nigh impossible to join a game. it took around 2 hours for me to  give up trying to join people via invite, custom and quick searches. the result turns this into a single player game which with some of the bigger harder enemies and turret option restrictions makes it into a no buy for me. which is a pity as i did want to buy it but couldn't bring myself to buy a broken game.
crashed three times in under half an hour. the co-op relies on steam invites and laks any actual matchmaking/finding system. so either game is not ready to be on store currently or is going to be poorly done either way. oh and currently lacks a decent tutorial to inform you as to what keys to press and when it does tell you which keys it does so for a controller not keyboard and mouse.
decent enough game with some potential if they had expanded on what they had. however they have caned it and part of me is sorry to see it go.
only reason you would even think about getting this is for last stand, which no one plays anymore. if you like skirmish battles and campaign, get soul storm, its far better.
personal rate : 6/10 game is good but wow price when to $17.00 the next day i check back to steam serioussly purchase at $37.00 and it when down $20.00 the next day.... should have bought later.....single mode : story fun but very short take 8 hrs only to finish the story modemultipalyer : fun but it take very long to join some games. waste time to waitzombie : not yet play but hope is goodhope they update new stuff on black ops 2 asap.really wish they add new stuff and do something about the multiplayer lobby.3 janurary 2015 : the game multiplayer does not works it take very long  time to join a lobby.
omg noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
its very laggy
зашол неработала клава вышел!10 неробочих клавиатур из 10-и.
its a fun game i play it most of the time but paid dlc why....... really sad right now
now don't get me wrong, i love this game a lot. it started out as this ambitious little title that spawned from a simple mod in roblox of all things, to now being a widely played, charming game that gained numerous fans and a good community. it has been great to follow along with the creator of the game and watch it evolve into a poor mans dayz, while maintaining a very good aspect of fun and survival. but much to my and many other peoples dismay, some recent updates to the game have been a little troubling. what i am mainly talking about is the inclusion of new zombie types, which is very reminiscent of special infected from left 4 dead. now this is not a bad thing, a bit of challenge and variety in the ways of enemies is great and very entertaining, but that is where the good parts of the update end. in my experience, being a bambi on a new or even long played server is tough, as the persistent threat of bandits and zombies is a constant looming hazard, and without gear or teammates to aid you, you are likely to die very quickly. thankfully, the zombies were easy to fight off and bandits were semi-easy to avoid, but with the inclusion of these dangerous new zombie types it has made things for bambi's in particular, and even game-smart and geared players, so much harder. the mega zombie which is usually a zombie people avoid like the plague due to his incredible stength and close to one shot kills, is now able to almost kill you instantly from a distance with a hunk of thrown concrete, because apparently the mega zombie wasnt powerful enough. then there is the fire zombie, which when killed explodes in fire, making melee combat near impossible, spreads to other zombies which in turn makes them fire zombies also, which means if there is a fire zombie in a horde and you kill it, there will be a giant horde of fore zombies coming towards you. next is the spitter zombie, which shoots acid at you from a long distance and can kill you very quickly if you are in a gear menu and unawares to his presence. lastly is the zombies that can turn invisible and can kill you extremely quickly because you can't see them at all even with the faint purple outline that doesnt help at all. also there is the fast, quadriped zombie but that can be killed quickly so it isn't as bad. in conclusion, unturned is an excellent game that i want to keep growing and getting better, but it is currently being hindered by new zombie types that make the game so unnecassarily harder, especially for fresh spawns. maybe if some of these zombies were removed (which i know is hard process) or maybe nerfed to a reasonable level, it would make the game just a little less difficult. tl;dr the new zombies make the game too difficult and need a nerf or removal
man, this game is pretty nice, but i dont like it. matchmaking is terrible and feels unfair. every match i had is joined by at least 2 level 30 players and high ranked mechs. the newbs and i didnt have any idea about dealing with them, our mechs are still s***! l337/10 would get ridiculously rekt by veterans again.
the new update is awesome! the story is interesting and dr. merlot is a good villain (if only he's more prepared of course). here's what i like to say:1. the models! please, change it back to the old ones! i swear, ruby was cross-eyed and her eyes are unnaturally far apart from each other and it's creeping me out!2. when i was playing as blake, the sounds are muffled and the background music's gone. i don't know if i'm the only one have this problem but that's what happened even though the volume for the music is on max.3. i don't like the sounds when we're beating up the grimm, sounded like muffled punch on a punching bag. can it change to sounds from the show when grimm being slashed?4. it's better if you put the controls tutorial in the game. sometimes i have no clue about the controls for keyboard so having the tutorial would be nice to have a reference. 5. since this is the full version of the game and you stated that you'll be focusing on releasing new contents, continue the campaign for the merlot industries story but with team jnpr. or a different campaign story but playing as jnpr. 6. it's a bit too much to pay a high amount of money for this game despite the lack of content and the combat system is too bland. i have to agree that this should stay in early access so they can keep developing it until this game is worth to be full release. 7. the boss at dr. merlot's lab was too easy to beat. the radius of the deathstalker's attack were small and easy to dodge. try to play god eater for once, maybe you can get an idea of how to make a really challenging boss fight which actually worth the time to fight them.8. the ending of the campaign is also boring and depressing. okay, merlot is going to blow up the lab, won't having to escape the lab sequence would be nice instead of having an airship coming to pick you up? make a timer, let us find a way to escape the lab, add grimm/robots on the way to delay us. (like i said, play god eater. get an idea from the game since rwby and god eater are almost the same in concept.) 9. the campaign only took me like 2-3 hours to finish and then it's over. wait for few more days and play it again to just freshened up your brain or kill time. that's it, i mean, the story can be interesting but it was too short, no details, nothing that makes the whole fighting to get to that point is worth it. just... bleh. 10. no offense but engaging missions and storytelling? everything is so straightforward and it's all just "lets get this over with" thing. like i said, make everything worth the time of fighting the enemies. and please, exploring the world of remnant? the course has been set and there's so many invisible walls that i could kill myself because i couldn't explore the area entirely!!there's a lot i could list down right now but that should be enough. and please, just consider the reviews we gave for this game. some of us tell ourselves this is the bestest game we played and even recommended this to our friends. so please make this really the best game we played. i can't recommend this game to my cousin anymore since it's actually disappointing and i don't want him to buy an expensive game from his favorite show only for it to be a huge disappointment for him. (i'm from malaysia and here the price is rm47) don't really recommend this game anymore. don't buy it and it should stay as an early access or just hire a professional game tester to test this game before it released completely.
first of all finally and second i’m quite disappointed of the outcome... let’s start at the model... it looks excellent, i dig the matching white coat and red shirt but it’s quite different from what we've expected from the trailer compare to the in game model… well his bald, i’m not saying that i hate or anything but still… no hair… trailer got hair… in game sparkly head… speaking of sparkly… i was expecting that jiro do some silly engrish but no said overkill i want my jiro to do full japanese on this ♥♥♥♥ even in pager response... instead of a cary-hiroyuki tagawa like voice from the trailer his voice sounded more like the japanese commercial of mr. sparkle from the simpsons...the micro uzi isn’t much of a help though since we already got like 3 uzi versions (mac 10, classic uzi and jacket's piece) poor accuracy and ammo but got great advantage of concealment... they should have added it from the game ages ago and place it with much more worthy gun...overall if you want to buy the dlc just for the katana and by all means go aheadalready got 4 cloaker heads on my fire placejust got back from a game and just sliced a cloaker in half
eh
정가주고 구입한 난 바보..멀티 사람 없고 멀미 존니 나고 바보 됨
한글화는 언제 해주냐고.....해준다면서....참네
boobs, worked gr8 with windorrs 9.171273 and i really liked the in depth story. 10/10
this game helped my son improve his math skills. i definitley reccomend this to all dikheds who have 7 bucks to waste and want to learn sh!t they dont learn in school.
this game sucks, dont buy it. why cant i refund this piece of garbage
i ♥♥♥♥i9ng swag
absoloutley terrible game overall, the handling for standard keyboard users is impossible, and i for one am not going to go and buy something i dont need to to make the game 'playable'.......... 0/5 starsinfact the only reason i'm even writing this is because of my frustration level with the 2 hr download for such a terrible experience.
good game, bad developers.
shame to see it go down like this but.. ya'll ♥♥♥♥ed up big.
please do not buy this game. i know i bought it during early acsess, but they could have kept the game the same instead of changing the entire game to make it really sh*t! xdddddddddddddd
what a coinkydink, this game is similar to what comes outta my pie-hole when my diarrhea starts acting up! this game is absolute ♥♥♥♥, and with what has been going on with their stolen models, i'd recommend my bowel movement products over this.
worst game ever made....
games way too laggy for australians you need to make a oce server pls and now
this is absolutly bull! my game keeps on going black screen after i click to start just to go to the menu! unless theres a fix im not changing this review
gameplay is good. but then it's the arma series, the servers are not optimized properly, even with high-end hardware your bound to get low fps. until they actually get their ♥♥♥♥ together and optimize the game. it's a no from me :p.
qando vc fica um mes sem joga vc nao pode mais acessar ele(entrar no jogo))
cancer
creepy af
its ♥♥♥♥ing homo kys
gay af full of dropshottng ump45 sweaty nerd bogan inbreds
didn't think i could come across a game that was too good.
it's different, similar to the story telling of amnesia or dear esther. you read, you listen and you pry into the family's personal mesages and belongings.but is it fun? i don't know. it's like a wierd loot simulator where the payoff is crude questions about social pressures and expectations.and that's it really. themes of lesbianism and general suburbian troubles.it doesn't lead to anything significant either. everything seems to distant to have any impact. perhaps, if the subject matter was of more interest or imaginative, this "interactive experience" would be able to have more impact on gamers. it's hard discovering you're a lesbian, i get that, but for a story-based game with a weak story, there is nothing really here.play dear esther instead if you're curious, unless you know a lesbian.  3/10ps. why give access to a microwave and fridge and not let me cook anything? i wanted beans. not cool.
boring storytelling that isn't spooky and with less gameplay than faerie solitaire.
dont play this.not for any reason.
lemme tell you, never ♥♥♥♥ing buy this ♥♥♥♥♥, i only bought it because i was bored as ♥♥♥♥ and it was a dollar, i can't even wank to this ♥♥♥♥, why can't i? because it's a game but that's besides the point, just buy some other thing, seriously, don't get this.
no
well i cant play this game for some reason so thumb down
best simulator uninstal ever9/10
i really liked the game at first, but it kept going downhill, the last thing i will say is the g.o.r.e. update, it released new weapons, a rifle, pistol and sword. each one of those weapons were able to be upgraded 2 times, so it'd be rifle, upgraded rifle, upgraded upgraded rifle, but of course, each upgrade was harder to do, and the most upgraded rifle, could easily one hit kill someone, the dps on the pistols (which shot in three burst (now fixed)) was insanely high, and well, for the sword, all melee is over powered so you get the idea on that. some people made a clan to nerf the guns, some people made a clan to get rid of the update and killed anyone (the clan was always in a zerg) using the weapons, whether they were in the same faction or not. and then there was a clan that said to keep the update as is, and of course, they were using the level 3 weapons. so they finally nerfed the weapons after about a month or so. some people are wondering things like "why is he even saying this?" well, i'm saying this because if the devs released an update that had insanely op weapons without even thinking about if it's op, or to test it or anything really, it really makes me not being able to trust them with future content, and also, the only reason the nerfed it, is because people were canceling their subscriptions until they nerfed it
i have 8.6 hours on reccord. haven't played the game yet. 10/10 best download experience yet.
gonna buy this for a friend to show them how crap this game is... should be fun
random ♥♥♥♥ falls out of the sky and kills you.
this game is so cancerous, i would pay good money to have it removed from my account.
it crashes and for eight dollars, i expect it to work correctly
game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome  but made me fail my exam
what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with the match queues?? i can't find a match as a 2-man without attempting at least 15 times. fix this ♥♥♥♥ please
i had high hopes for shift 2 but nope, ea just had to f!ck it up! 0/10. the handling is equivalent to driving a f!cken bulldozer on a racetrack.. and on top of that, the compatibility is just crap. crashes every start up. validating file integrity will not help!! ♥♥♥♥ game!!!
this game now is really stupid!!with the new updates and ♥♥♥♥!!seriously, why the hell the repair cost is too high and you gain a little amount of rp and lions now eventhough i destroy enemy airplanes and base.and why the russians are too op now??(sorry for my bad english)
so very disappointing.
this game is completely horrible in my perspective, the controls are buggy and in my opinion are completely useless.
sfv is a huge disappointment so far. i wasn't expecting a 30+ character roster out of the blocks, but there's no reason for it to be missing basic features present in sfiv. there's no arcade mode for starters - no individual endings for characters. the "story" mode is a pathetic substitute, four single rounds with static drawn art in between (no animation) - should be called "prologue" mode instead perhaps.vs lacks ability to play cpu or set unlimited time for some reason. there are posts in the forums showing workarounds but dinput/keyboard support is missing too.the game is also extremely buggy - frequent disconnections from server, dx errors on quitting. the game scales extremely poorly on lower end machines too (read: unplayable). a disconnection, by the way, during a single player mode like survival kicks you back to the menu. too bad if you've just spent an hour and are 40 rounds into a 50 round survival. let alone the 100 survival (which requires you be connected for the rewards available).some things are stored on the capcom servers and some aren't - and with no steam cloud support, yep you guessed it, it's back to the gfwl sfiv days - you need to manually sync your gamesaves to keep scores/unlocks and so on the same between computers. because apparently capcom believes you'd only ever play on one machine.from a technical standpoint, i don't like the v trigger system. they've moved several specials to the v system too. so going between sfiv and sfv is a bit jarring with the same characters. this adaption and learning curve is no problem for pros but for more casual gamers, they might not like learning a new moveset for the same characters.a graphically upgraded sfiv built with the same love and care and respect for players would have been immensely better. even the graphical upgrade is not a huge boon. background animations for example play at 30 fps and look out of place. and the, ahem, inconsistent character physics brought on by kneejerk censorship means some characters body parts move realistically, and some look like they are hewn from granite.capcom have really dropped the ball on this game, as many reviews are showing. save yourself the money and go back to usfiv. or just wait a year until hopefully this game is something like it should have actually been at launch and be priced at what it's actually worth.
talk about a memory leak.
i have followed this game for many versions and i have to say that now that it's officially out i am very disappointed, the intro was very good and interesting but the moment i stepped on the starting planet i realized the game had gotten much harder, the planet i was on had killer bees on both sides that can kill you with one hit, after i managed to get some decent equipment i also realized that not only did they add a whole lot more crafting tables, items and crafting materials, that are all thrown at you instead of getting gradually unlocked as the previous versions did, another thing i dislike was that the positioning of the spawn location had made it very inconvenient to get the side quests and the tutorial quests that were used to show you how to progress and unlock upgraded items were essentially removed which made me take a lot more time to find out how to actually upgrade my items (btw you have to push the "upgrade button" on the top of the crafting table) overall my problems can be mainly attributed with design and after a while i couldnt take it anymore 4/10
2years later no optimization.. r.i.p
my opinion has changed. while i find this game to be fun, it gets old very quickly. nazi zombies have been done to death at this point, the objectives are all the same and some missions are almost damn impossible on single player. it might be better with friends but i haven't played co-op so i wouldn't know. hardly any sniping as you're always getting attack by hordes of zombies. you can snipe a few but i always end up pulling out my machine gun and mowing them done that way instead. the graphics are the same as v2, aside fro everything being a lot darker. boss fights are okay but again get old fast because the boss you're fighting decides to spawn a horde on you. not much variety when it comes to enemies. you have standard zombies, running kamikaze grenade zombies, big zombies with machine guns and jumping sniper zombies. you get all the guns from v2 straight away (except for some reason they're missing a few it seems) but special weapons can be found out in the feild, but with very little ammo for them. this is one of those times where i wish steam had a meh button. if you're looking for a zombie shooter, buy left 4 dead or l4d2. its coop and actually very fun. if you're looking for a good sniper game get v2. it is also coop (with 2 players) and very fun. if you just want a brainless (hah) shooter that is good for wasting time with get this i guess. but don't get nazi zombie army 2. its basically the same game but with different enviroments. just like call of duty lolololbut seriously don't bother.
hanging rats are too op. one of them glitched through a wall and pulled me.
el juego se demora demaciado en buscar una partida
in the short time that i've played the game there are two things that have jumped out at me.the first is that the game has very fun, fast gameplay. the game definitely rewards skill and with great precision you can kill even the highest levelled players. the combat can be frustrating when you get completely stunlocked by another player, which is especially frustrating for a new player who does not understand the game yet and is attempting to learn the mechanics. in terms of the gameplay, this game is very good.the second thing that i have noticed is that this game is extremely unbalanced. although the game claims that it will match you with players of "equal level and skill", it is lying to you. at level 1, you will get matched with level 20 players that have full sets of gear and will tear you apart. this makes learning the basics of the game very difficult. it also makes the game somewhat unfair. they definitely need to fix the matchmaking in this game asap. it deters new players (like myself) almost immediately from wanting to play the game any further. the gameplay is great and so is the game itself, but this level of unbalance and the feeling of it being unfair from the very beginning has made me turn my decision and not recommend this game for the moment. the learning curve is too great for you to be thrown into a game full of high level players.i hope that this gets changed soon, i see real potential in this game.
resident evil revelations bring back the horror but its ♥♥♥♥ cause you can't play campagin co-op online they need to fix this what the hell capcom whats so wrong with co-op online after all i have lots of friends i'll never have at my home so we can't play resident evil went down hill its sh@t without co-op after re5 the game just isn't good anymore the only reason i didn't refund this is cause you can play as wesker in raid mode and wesker was epic but no they had to take away hes speed and remove him capcom needs to bring back online co-op and get out of the stone age and they need to bring back albert wesker if he can come back from getting bombed into nothing but a little spot than he can live tho getting hes head off in lava
wish i never bought this game
needed a proper single player
its ♥♥♥♥ nuff said
this game had so much potential and is quite a solid lego game (if you're into that sort of thing) but i can not recommend it on the basis that the promised 'five armies' dlc has been abandoned. why on earth would anyone want to pay good money for 2/3 of a story? it makes no sense. warner bros should be ashamed of themselves, tricking people into paying for a product on the promise that it will be finished later, only to back out of it later on. steam should be more honest and label this game as a 'early access'.
like its alright ♥♥♥♥♥ are ♥♥♥♥♥ but. would like suggest you dont play it if you wanna save time
ever wanted to just dig a whole? no? then i don't recommend this game to you because that is pretty much all you can do in it.
not enough angry russians
this game...this ♥♥♥♥ing game. sure its a good game and all but, i cant play with any friends i cant even see what a ip is. and worst of all alot of times i get stuck not being able to equip anything and just walk around cars waiting or them to explode, its the only way to kill zombies for me since i cant equip ♥♥♥♥! even with the "equip button in the menu and the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and 0 keys, i give this 3/10 shitloops
this game is mildy enjoyable for the first few hours you play it, during the first few hours, you're matched with people in the "low" level group, where things are fair, and mostly even. once you pass those few levels, you'll hit the biggest pay wall i've ever experience. everyone you verse will have payed weapons you just can't compete with, and amazing gear that makes your really bad weapons, ever worse.in the terms of match making, the queue times are pretty short, a minute or so to get in game. you'll be lucky to get into the medium connection speeds if you're not in the us, and the majority of the community doesn't speak english anyway, which is terrible for such a tactical shooter.try it if you want, but you'll suffer under the might that is pay to win.
this is so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t:tatsur0  [developer] 1 nov, 2013 @ 8:43pm we hope to have it before full release of course. we're currently working on both mac and linux (no eta) please avoid non-dev dates or definitions heh. it will be on mac yes :)and it was a strech goal they reachedrip
11th feb udpate - can't play.. 'fatal error' - no solution.  riddled with bugs.
too childish
well, i just started the game and i don't know what to do, tutorials help generally but still...  i am in a ship and i am clueless what to do with it...
omg this game is so awesome!
supposed to play a strategy game not read a novel... dont buy!!!! it takes too long to learn now to play!!!
i used to love this game. then i took a paid mod in the knee.
i can see why others can't. this game was aimed at a specific group of people, plus the optimization is f**king putrid some people can't even load the game without ctd and some people even with gtx 1080s are having low fps stutters and dips etc , fortunately i haven't had many of these issues.  they lied about the game having multiplayer on release so none of that pvp stuff for you competitive people out there, planet generation is somewhat repetitive with some planets looking flatout the same and no gas giants so there's no sense of realism here. the creatures can look pretty intresting i might add, also even if this game had multiplayer they made the universe a bit too big so good luck finding your friends if they ever add multiplayer/coop, trading is really good imo but after you get to a certain point money can kinda become useless. overall this game gets a 5.5/10, great concept, very lacking final product. i really hope future updates change this.edit: now i'm getting crashes at startup, take this l nmsedit: i absolutely hate this game after seeing the same planet over and over again? sean murray lied to our faces.edit: trying to go for a refund hopefully i get it so i can spend it on something i can have fun with.
head in blender...
this game is so bad i refuse to write this review in detail
cant launch the game anymore :(os: windows 10 64bit
its a great game if you like the whole fact that a actually war can be won inside of the game, which would probably be one of the coolest things ive seen in a game before. but the game just doesnt keep me interested enough. for me personally its to slow. thats my opinion and yes i know, its based on ww2 and back then you didnt have dsr-50's and rush in and quickscope the whole enemy team with one shot :p the game was great it just didnt excite me enough to keep playing. keep in mind if you love sitting back and watching / sniping enemys this would be the game for you! :)
the dayz mod is great! however do not download it on steam! it will not work straight up. i would recomend get arma ii and operation arrowhead then go search up a program called dayz commander. this has all the famous dayz mods including epoch. if you want a good dayz experience just search it up. hope this helped
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww man................ again, another failed sound game. but seriously, when are you guys ever going to get a patch out to fix the sound bug. as soon as i bought this game because it looked pretty good, it runs perfect on my computer but only 1 problem. there is no sound. even on the desktop there's no sound while running sniper: ghost warrior 2. i have searched the net everywhere for a solution, but none of them worked. i even heard some had troubles with the first one. i got bored of the first mission straight away as i couldn't hear anything. nothing, not even during the cutscene. i hope this will be fixed once i come back from overseas in a few weeks :)
just bought it tried to play it- no go . tried to stop it -no go . checked forums -no help . deleted game . much better . another to add to the list of games which dont work from steam.
this game is terrible costs a lot and doesnt work . do yourselves a favour and avoid it like the plague . summation : crap
it keep lag like crazy
it used to be good till the laucher bug occurs..... it just said launching then ploff! gone.... this game just will not launch for me anyhow....
a very hacker infested game, where the only updates are new cases in attempts to grab money or changing sound effects. great job valve.
i do not recommend this game the community is horrible, full of cod kids.consider playing cs:s it is a better game with a better community.
please creator of this game fix this problem or make an update patch that you fixed this problem "video device removed or reset" when i change skins and or when i play this game it crashes, mostly when i change skins. please fix this. i'll be patient. now back to the review....loved playing this game. when i bought this game it had a discount i was so interested in it because it was fun, after my first 2 hours of playing it and a few minutes, i kept experiencing game crashes on this game when i choose a character skin or when i'm playing it. after it crashes, the screen becomes black, then it just said said "video device removed or rest" i saw some forums about this and some other people complaining why is this happening..... still the creator of this game still isn't informed or maybe informed about this but not doing anything to fix it, or maybe it's taking too long to fix, some people might just get mad and quit this fun game, please "creator" or "company" of this game, please fix this immediately or it might just become its downfall. overall i rate this game 5/10, because it keeps crashing. please fix this "creator" or "company" of this game.
waste of money
i got ban for no reason i didnt use cheat but i got ban wtf with this game
used to be a good game but now
a let down from the hype to the final product.
this game is very nice (nothing to say)
dinosaurs vs. humans. who will win? of course the dinosaurs! the dinosaurs are too powerfull so i see almost no point playing as a human class. the class names are stupid because they are names of people. it is a distant relative in hell of team fortress 2. this game has great potential but currently, it sucks. i would have rather played wonfenstein: enemy territory, not because it is free, but because it is better.
so many ♥♥♥♥ing russians playing this game.
left me after i had sex with it.but it was good sex :)
bad.
i have invested a lot of time into this game and have unlocked everything worthwhile including every tank and maxed recon perks. this was my most favorite game with everything i had been looking for in a ww2 shooter, that was until a recent patch made my favorite, the recon class all but useless with changes to the scope.if you like sniping aka recon in h&g this is not the game for you. unlike other games you need to invest a large portion of time leveling a basic infantry soldier before you can unlock recon. once you unlock recon you are then able to use a scoped bolt action, this is great however the scope is so blurry and does not zoom in very far. you are better off trying to scout and aim at enemies using your binoculars then quickly switching to your gun and taking a shot hoping the target doesn't move as binoculars zoom in about 5 times more and is clear.previously the scope on the recon rifles were like that of the binoculars however with the recent patch recon is a waste of time.if you want to drive a tank or fly a plane this game still has its up sides however if you play recon like me spend your 500+ hours playing something else.
what the actual ♥♥♥♥ overkill and starbreeze.this game was great. and after all of our time and effort. what do we get?microtransactions.
a nice brainwashing tool for psych wards maybe.
the gameplay is fun and addictive at first but the gamemodes become repetitive after a while. also the ai spams rpgs constantly which often times wipes out your entire team before a single bullet is shot. enemy ai can sometimes spawn right beside you or you'll respawn right beside a group of them resulting in your quick death.the friendly ai is annoying because they just follow you everywhere. they don't follow orders and they don't go anywhere on their own. often times, they'll crowd around you and get you killed.the only positives i can give this game is the gun battles that do happen without rpg spam and the enemy ai is fun to play against. i'd make this a positive review if rpgs were made optional or decrease their number among the ai and the ability to issue orders to friendly ai via the voice command menu. the way the game handles spawns is funky in a lot of ways and needs revising. as it is, the current build leaves me feeling unsatisfied.
looks interesting initially but boring and repetitive after few levels
this game is challenging with good gameplay aspects. the gameplay is fun an entertaining. i do not recommend this game because there is no party or play with friends system. the game is also quite buggy. i have had numerous, 'what?', moments while playing. once they add a lobby with friends system and fix a majority of glitches, i will recommend this game to anyone who likes horror styled games.
fix yoru ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game yoy 2 legged frreaks
good concept air combat, never played the groud combat, 6/10
can't login game
unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥ at the moment. a point blank nova does 42 damge in 2 hits, while a famas does 91 in 1 hit, in the ♥♥♥♥ing knee. dont buy this piece of crap until its fixed. i wish i could go back to the golden days of global offensive, before all this update ♥♥♥♥.
so there's this game called zombie zoeds right. and, this game is great!great as in, it causes cancer with every touch of a button, every step your guy take and every piece of ♥♥♥♥ that comes out of his turd cannon. rate 8/8, would never play more than 6 minutes.used it to watch honey boo boo cause its such a 'good' game!
as someone who has enjoyed previous plainswalkers games i was very suprised to see  what seemed like a high quality mtg game go free to play on steam. i was getting ready to finally be able to show friends who were into other tcg's why mtg is one of the greatest around and why blue/white is anoying as balls. however as it is right now, the game is basically unplayable. the online servers have not once been avaliable in the time i've attempted to play, which is close to an hour of game time wasted as all single player quests and tutorials completed while offline do not get saved, not even locally. i understand we have no reason to really complain as we haven't paid for anything, however i feel as if stainless games has a lot to answer for. this game and its servers are no where near up to an industry acceptable standard.
red crucible firestorm was a really fun game before the most recent update. it just isn't fun anymore. before the update, the only problem was that the game is pay-to-win. you have no chance at winning unless you're in a tank or have a gun that costs around $20. but even then you'll have to deal with the countless hackers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who ram the ♥♥♥♥ out of you with a helicopter. overall i just reckon if you want to be free-to -play and win, this is a game to stay away from.
it really went downhill
i need help when i am playing the mission "find victor" i need to open a metel dorr so my minon can drive the truck the botton doseent work it dosent pop u with "e to open" i am ♥♥♥♥♥♥
wtf does not work
♥♥♥♥, its tf2 and overwatch. and the verify is ♥♥♥♥!
its ♥♥♥♥ there full of pros, so what about the noobs?
what i liked about this software:it looks legit.what i didn't like:didn't work.thanks alot. it sucks
first game i tried out steam's refund policy for. safe to say i got my money's worth. this game is disgustingly un-optimised, runs like a fat man with heatstroke and is just plain broken.
wait, hold on... i bought the game with the harley quinn dlc and because the developers/publishers decided at the last minute to scrap that idea and only include it in retail, i blew my money on something i won't even be getting? the optimisation is so half arsed i can't even... i want to love this game, i do, but it's just so hard to do so when us gamers get treated like utter ♥♥♥♥.update:i didn't mention this before but while it was obvious that the optimisation wasn't up to par (or even sub-par) the game was still generally playable on my system which is over 2 years old and running an amd (rocksteady, by the way, have confirmed that the pc version of ak had been outsourced to another developer, wooo, cause that can only end well!). the game was playable until reaching the point where you receive the new suit upgrade and have the options of completing the ar challenges. well, boy was i understating the lack of pc optimisation. the game literally turned into powerpoint 97' as i attempted to complete the batmobile ar challenge and resulted in me failing the challenge numerous times due to the delay in pressing the space bar and batman jettisoning himself from the drivers seat. it only got worse from there... i can't even describe how dissapointed i am with the absolute lack of quality assurance in this game. the fact that rocksteady are now punting the blame onto another company for doing a crap job when they should have been working on this version in the first place is now just the cherry on top of this extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥, radioactive chocolate sludge cake.
there's a very special place in hell reserved for games of this ilk. rushed, buggy and poorly designed, i bought this with the star wars humble bundle and still feel like i didn't get my moneys worth (a whole $12, which by the way came with 8 other fantastic star wars games) . i am embarrassed for whoever created this lazy piece of trash which is somehow shorter (4-5 hours), more repetitive and packed with far less features than the first force unleashed. i would rather sit on a tea crate and have chicken ♥♥♥♥ sprayed all over me than play this utter piece of ♥♥♥♥ again.
*sigh* yet another aaa game plagued with horrible optimisation issues and crashes upon crashes upon crashes. i would have thought that the ♥♥♥♥♥torm of a pc release that was arkham knight would have been enough of a lesson for developers to get their act together and focus their efforts on the pc crowd just as much as they do for the console gamers, but apparently not. by all means, i'll delete this review if by some divining miracle squenix/avalanche release a patch to fix all of the slowdown, which occurs whenever something explodes (which is kind of a problem when you base a large majority of your game around blowing ♥♥♥♥ up). it's painfully obvious to see that just cause 3 is an incredibly enjoyable game masked beneath a laggy mess. i won't recommend this game until avalanche fixes the performance.
why can't i access to varena server today?
its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.
gay peice of rubish
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t peice of garbage 3/10
wtf someone joined my lobby with my friend, fix the security man wtf
now... let me start off here, when this company made a peice of trash. i am talking to you telltale,  you could say i was nearly the happiest person alive. when i begged my mum for $25 the 'package' said that i will get, "all episodes including if you get this season pass!" so yeah, i got it, played the five episodes. when i woke up today i saw on youtube it said "minecraft story mode episode 6!" i was like "what? i didnt get a notification" i was about to punch a hole in my computer when it said $15 ♥♥♥♥♥ dollars. now let's hold on for a second. when i purchased this peice of poo, it said i would get all episodes so this prooves telltale are abselout ♥♥♥♥♥ lyers and just want money.
хуже чем в этой игре управление сложно сделать.
как же заколебали выcеры на тему "убей советского". игровая механика - ни о чем (я конечно понимаю что 2005 год и все такое, но в этот шлак я бы и в те времена не стал играть). 0,5 г0вн0снайперов из 10.
meh
....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...
meh
horible. my precious money, gone!
100 conto pqp eu comprei 100 reais o pre alpha com cash e monte de coisa ele puro 100 reais ninguem vai comprar
need to fix is fighting blocking and hiting
always unbalanced very boring one sided games
less than 10 hours of content (good content at that). buy it in a pack or on sale, otherwise, don't bother.
this game is ehh.
it started out well now just a cash cow for overkill last free dlc was jan 2014
lol
mala movilidad graficos penca a quien se le ocurrio esta basura y votar por ella super mala la wuea
well i mean in one point of view i will say that this game is fun and the gun play in enjoyable even tho quite generic. and in the other point of view i will say that i could have enjoyed the game much more if i had managed to play it for more than 5 minutes without my computer having a stroke. maybe its just me and im being too harsh but regardlessthere are lots of technical issues with this title that need to be fixed and im sorry but i cannot recommend this game.
remastered my ♥♥♥.....
like the last 2 cod's the beggining is fun then everything falls to bits #bringbackbootsontheground #firethepeoplewhomadeexojump/movement  :)
aids
this is the worst i have ever played. it is an uninspired pile of horse ♥♥♥♥ rip off of fallout with friends. for the 1 and a half hours i played it i  did grinding and fetch quest. that is the extent. and its the same model for all bandits. basically, do not play this game
9/11 rated by ign
horrible game
a once great game that has been totally merkled by forcing half baked matchmaking on an unwilling community.now instead of playing tf2 you will spend 80% of the time searching for a game, waiting for a loading screen, waiting for players and staring at end of round scores. you can no longer choose what map to play on, or region you play in, or even stop the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking from putting you in a server with 400 ping. (this happens to me 1/3 connects) when you do finally get a game, there is no voting hackers off, no scrambling for evening of teams, long periods of 12v8. generally every game is a one sided stomp.
the game is excelent on its idea and execution. sadly many bugs still keep me from playing.
what a shocker, not worth 5 minutes.
worst game i have ever played cyaaa later ♥♥♥♥ off
they ♥♥♥♥ed this game in all honesty.
brings back alot of memorys me and my uncle had
got a refund
volvo what have you done
i r8 this upd8 8/8
don't get me wrong, its an amazing game and i love it when you can actually walk around when there are no hackers.i have only 17 hours on the game and my friend and i have been raided over 10 times by hackers. now i know people will say "oh but you are still new to the game they werent hacking". well thats where you're wrong. reign of kings doesnt have an option where you can sprint across the entire map in a few seconds and teleport through stone walls, therefore allowing the person to take all of your hard earned items. i am actually infuriated by the hackers. they take all of the fun outof the game and crush your experiance of the game. if the game could look at the reports you put on players. i payed $19.99usd for this game, and i use aud so i payed an extra $6.65 to be greeted by hackers.
after playing about liturally 6 minutes of the game i instantly uninstalled the game. i will never play it again and hope that you never will.
cant evn move adn shot at same tiem.shood aspier to b mor liek call of duty doesnt even hav funny maymaysmane caractur has girl harecut.0 / ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)p.s. cant quickscope ether. game is ment for hardscopen scrubs.fazeclan 5 life
worst game i have ever playedabsolute s*it ea you are a crap company who make s*it games screw you!!!
掉价太凶只能退款。uplay sever sucks   have to refund.
这款游戏并不像预告里那样令人激动，事实上就连免费都有点差强人意。他的道具收费系统堪比cf，但是整体游戏感觉不错，射击手感好玩起来有点像失落星球，画面还好，整体优化不错唯一美中不足的就是有钱人就是屌。。。
okay game overall, i don't like the added emphasis on combat and looting. it diluted the actual rpg mechanics and turn it into some mmo shooter grindfest like borderlands but it does it worse than borderlands rather than a story-based single player rpg. also i'm playing on survival difficulty and i've killed over 100 legendaries and i get ♥♥♥♥ all drops wtf? i can mod a 10mm pistol and its better than 99% of the legendary weapons. i might as well playing on easy. stuff like hacking, lockpicking and speech is still there to finish quest but honestly just killing them is the better way to finish quest now. also not a fan of the unlimited, repetitive quest system like the ones preston garvey gives you. just keep clearing  random camps with no purpose to them, like what? it's so lazy from the developers, there's less actual side quest than previous games (less interesting as well) as a result of this implementation of the unlimited quest system.anyways combats a lot better in this game then fallout 3 and nv but everything else is worse. questing, leveling(having a level cap is better because it gives the chracters you make identity, like a melee focused character or a explosive focused character, now you can be everything and clear every skill tree its so dumb), factions are worse than nv, story is okay and the dialogue tree is terrible.
the ending sucked, there was tis massive build up, and it just ended in like 30 seconds, with some anti-climatic explanation. just like life is strange none of your choices mattered in the end.
metal gear solid zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz: the phantom sleep
none of your choices mattered in the end wtf?
on nbn and after a 6gb install which went smoothly on steam, there's another `4-10gb update which is really slow. a lot of people had the same problem so i tried manual patch, but even those files download at max 70kb/s....do not have patience for this
you need a license to view this review.
u know waht?this game going to be cs go clone ♥♥♥♥ mewhy overkill dont do like they promise at the first time ♥♥♥♥
no support from developers. doesn't run on windows 10. it's a shame really, was a really fun game with lots of potential.
[̥̆́̚͘r̳̺͖e̸͌̃̋̎͗̔d̳̲̖͎̊̇͗̌ͅaͨ҉̖̟͇͚c̖̤̝̳̣̩̭ͫţ̉ͯ̓ẹ̴͖̻͈ͬ̾͗̔́͋d̺͠]͕̮̟̃ͨ̿̑̔̚
[̥̆́̚͘r̳̺͖e̸͌̃̋̎͗̔d̳̲̖͎̊̇͗̌ͅaͨ҉̖̟͇͚c̖̤̝̳̣̩̭ͫţ̉ͯ̓ẹ̴͖̻͈ͬ̾͗̔́͋d̺͠]͕̮̟̃ͨ̿̑̔̚
[̥̆́̚͘r̳̺͖e̸͌̃̋̎͗̔d̳̲̖͎̊̇͗̌ͅaͨ҉̖̟͇͚c̖̤̝̳̣̩̭ͫţ̉ͯ̓ẹ̴͖̻͈ͬ̾͗̔́͋d̺͠]͕̮̟̃ͨ̿̑̔̚
[̥̆́̚͘r̳̺͖e̸͌̃̋̎͗̔d̳̲̖͎̊̇͗̌ͅaͨ҉̖̟͇͚c̖̤̝̳̣̩̭ͫţ̉ͯ̓ẹ̴͖̻͈ͬ̾͗̔́͋d̺͠]͕̮̟̃ͨ̿̑̔̚
game 9/10community 0/10
good game but toxic community
dont get this it dosent work
if u are a masochist the money u spend in this game is very wall spent, so in my case it was very...very...very well spent. apart from all that is just a crappy mess.
this game is still bad.
pay to win.
you should buy fallout new vegas instead fallout 3
did't even play a game;it already crash
-13/10 worst valve update
well, it's something, but not the jupiter sized planet, persistent universe, that i thought i was paying for.
don't waste your money
* get's boring quickly* game did not play as promoted by hello games
♥♥♥♥ off overkill with your 27 dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, that wasn't enough so you added ♥♥♥♥ing cs:go weapon skins?oh you want to have a lmg in a loud heist? $5...♥♥♥♥ off overkill
great game -7/25
its got a horrible engine and the graphics are ♥♥♥♥.
i dont have any textures :( 0/10
i'm to disabled to play this fast paced game, people flying everywhere with them ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ jetpacks...
sht gaem friend bought it for me coz he want to ruin my life
♥♥♥♥♥♥ ai simualtor 1984 i mean banished is fun for the first hour or so.then... the ai's capabilities start to come into play.no matter how well you plan your town eventually all of your lobotomites will end up starving except for one person who lives by himself who decided it was a good idea to have all of the town's crops for himself. people starve in their homes, doing absolutely nothing about it while the family next to them have enough food for their entires lives. i honestly don't understand why the ai need to only take food from stockpiles when there is litterally food everywhere as they wander around being unproductive and generally useless.don't keep the town alert tab up, because you will get death and starvation messages from a town with enough food for 4 other towns.3.5/10 not enough water.
this game is really lacking.first off, when you shoot an enemy they start to walk in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way. they pretty much glide around and it is impossible to hit them.secondly, this game's quests are boring and the whole storyline isn't that good. the conversations are relatively interesting but with no voice acting throughout every single paragraph it's as boring as reading a dictionary and i tend to lose interest in what the hell they are saying anyway.and finally, the combat is terrible. the classes are unoriginal and the fact you can note headshot with a laser shooting sniper rifle is stupid, the medic can't take on anyone in a fight so it's hard to even begin to do a story quest. the heavy is way too easy and you only need to hold down the left mouse button and everything dies in front of you. and the mechanic never works well as the enemies always attack behind what you've built no matter how much time you spend carefully setting up your buildings.when i first played this game i thought it was ok. but after playing it on and off for over a year now i can now truly say do not play this game. it is a complete waste of time and will only cause you anger, frustration and make you waste your time.
won't launch on win 8.1. many different 'solutions' available yet none work. this game has severe compatibility issues that need to be resolved.
completely deadall servers are empty. has great potential, the customisation  is really cool!would get a lot of attention if it was f2p!
bad rats rip-off. not even a good one.
fun at the start gets very old very fast :/
27/11/2015 editjust read they have run out of funds and put development on hold, possible never to be resume. pretty disappointing. part of the risk of supporting an early access title i suppose.it looked so promising in the beginning but even with the unreal 4 engine update, the game isn't really any more playable than it was 2 or 3 years ago when i first bought it.buy 7 days to die instead. it works and is fun as hell.old review belowdisappointed in the development of this game. it has improved visually in the 2 or so years i've had it, but not really in terms of gameplay. there are more features but it hasn't made it more playable. it has promise but nothing that other zombie survival games don't already deliver.if you are dead keen on it, wait for the final release.
f1 2015 is simply a broken game. thank god for steam refunds.
when i bought this game i thought i was going to play some good ol' fashion cs, not call of duty...
free to play ; but if you wanna hunt pretty much every animal you see , expect to pay hefty (for a license) .
loki exsists
buying this game is a mistake. you pay for a game to play online but you can't use mods. disappointing all round. do not buy this game!
lag muito forte , tem um pouco de bug nesse seu jogo ;) naõ recomendo , perdi 100 reais
the idea was good but they just didn't end up pulling it off as well as they could have. only get it with the goty/season pass for the weapons
i wish mocap studio wasn't so much, basic enthusiasts can't do ♥♥♥♥ because of the price.
meh, very boring....
rip dis game cant even sign up for gods sake
horrible d:
bloody terrible. don't get it. it's outdated and gets boring very quickly. if you're even thinking about it - stop. take it from me, i generally love these sort of strategy games; but this one's the scum of strategy. if i could give it a star rating, it would get 1 out of 10 if i was in a good mood. there are so many bugs it's just painful to play.
love the heist, but a couple of dollars to expensive! the heist itself is beautiful, especially on stealth but still to short.... comon overkill do some heists with at least 3 or 4 days ;)
played for maybe 30 min and deleted it. reasons are, i died around 15 times in 10 minutes. the camera is f+++++ stupid. cant see this big fella at the beginning who is casing you, because your egos head, body or what so ever is in the way, i always try to sneak, but he has ♥♥♥♥ing eagles eyes.... it should be a little bit easier right at the beginning!....controls are pretty bad too.played a lot of horror games, but this one leaves me icecold...no recommend!
how i was rdy for it. waited 3 years, watched all trailers and game play, watched sean telling  me and us about it. my god what these fellar wanted to implement and what he promised us. the game is not ready yet. may i wait an other 3 years until its finished wiht updates/dlc etc etc, then i may return.after 60 hours of gameplay i just discovered to start all over again, in an other galaxie, spending an other 60 hours again??? nooo thx u!i do not recommend this game!
i used to play this whenever i had the time, but now it is a long forgotten shadow of my past. freejam are not a bad company, but when they release a "game changing" update, they "change the game" by removing more features than they add. i can guarantee that around 98% of all veteran pre-new-meta players have left the game in their past. granted, i liked the new meta, but everything that followed was just horrible. post-meta players may like everything that followed because they were new to the game - they didn't really care what was changing.what i'm saying is that instead of growing their fanbase, freejam simply gets rid of the old one and gets a new one. most of the old features we loved have been removed. seriously, the only things that remain are the weapons and the maps. blocks, tiers, gamemodes, electroplates, building, fighting, flying, driving, working together, communicating, nearly everything you can think of has been either removed or manipulated so much to the point where its unrecognisable.i'm not gonna ask freejam to fix this, as it is too far gone.
must have asia server
cannon fodder simulator.
 3 year development and  game is emptydo not buy !
they executed the (team) game in a poor way, there is no 5 man squads, no descent voice communication and no indicator to tell you if your talking or not in game and there are a crap ton of griefers.
this a broken game, the steam authentication is broken and the multiplayer crashes the game whenever i try to join the server. evan though i only payed $1 for this game, i feel that that dollar was throwen into the sea. the game is very unstable which can really ♥♥♥♥ me off sometimes!
bloody horrible, is literally a game made in unity and the graphics are either crappy cheaply made 3d visuals or google images.... i'm not kidding..............don't play this game what so ever! it is pure crap
one of the most boring, and un-fun games ever made. playing one hour of this game was like cancer, painful. don't buy it, it's a big waste of your money, and the company who made it needs to stop with it.
whilst the game is overall really well designed and balanced, and incredibly fun, unfortunately the pc version suffers, with netcode so bad that it arguably becomes unplayable online. lag spikes mean that for some characters, even performing simple special moves becomes effectively impossible, relying more on luck than actual skill.
a nintey cent candybar or this game seeing as the game doesn't do a single new thing and is around an 1hr of click dead click dead click and you win i woul dchoose the candybar. (what do you guys see in this game "never seen anything like it!" lies!)
this is the worst game ever invented the people that created this game were most likely mongrels and so are the players.
noooooope
do not buy this i wasted my money
it's a shame i can't get a refund.
it was good while it lasted
esta lleno de hackers y es demaciado pay to win.
cant even get on the game says wait 300+ minute or stuff like thatspent 3 hours of my time loading and still cant even play the stupid game
microtransactions. they said they were never gonna have them. they lied. horrible devs.
seems like a pretty nice game.but it's just really dead.i've already refunded this game as the only game was with 2 people on a co-op defense thing.not worth the buy really, but it looks like it would have been fun when it was alive.
i have a great pc....i got 10 fps.....i refunded the game and got something else.
eh.. i think ill save my money for cs:go
if you are looking for the cure for cancer, you are far from it.
♥♥♥♥ communtiy
fps ggwp
abit hard to aim and kinda laggy
i had a good time playing the game while it lasted.i really tried my best to cope with the constant crashes every now n than however i couldnt take it.so i decided to reboot my computer hoping it would work but it made it worse.i cant even load the game and play it.others are having this problem as welljust pray when you buy this game you arent the ones who have this problem
used to be a great game.sure, it had laggy servers for australians, and anybody oceanic couldnt play anything smaller than a gunship, but it was a good game.but nowadays, nobody is left to play with. game balance is poor. this game has all but died.
stupid freaking leech disease. worst. freaking,addition. ever.
terrible game.
wouldn't launch glyph, sucks.
poor sliding mechanic 0/10 would not recommend
gets boring after a while, started out strong with all the new animals i could find, then died off real quick. it is glitchy and ♥♥♥♥, i just can't really play it with out crashing now.
i dont understaud why this doesnt account for sli...
it is the worst i wasted my money on this ♥♥♥♥ game thats a rip off of minecraft minecraft looks a lot better much rather cut my piness of then play this ♥♥♥♥ oh no i did play it
there game is fun heaps of fun. amazing game to joke with your friends....but really i know i have alot of hours on this game and i still want to play it but......holy ♥♥♥♥ does it ♥♥♥♥ing crash alot. its got so many bugs yet facepunch doesnt give a ♥♥♥♥ they ♥♥♥♥ing work on rust more then garrys mod... garrys mod crashes sometimes it cant ♥♥♥♥ing handle a certain amount of addons its so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every time im on a blog its because im trying to figure out how to fix garrys mod.garrys mod can suck my ♥♥♥♥ until its fixed piece of junck!!!!!!!
this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard its not even fun the first car chase is already bluddy hard becuase the logic in the game is bad so you are shooting them but it doesnt think so god dammit. if i was you get the game but get the muliplayer version it is alot better then the achual game 3/10
got shot in the back... as usual 3/10
the game lags like hell on hardware that surpasses your minimum specs listed. the game throws you into the action without telling you what the heck is going on. one tip... dont spawn players right next to enemies when they boot the game up.
#edited# originally was a bit emotional#ill make this positive once wildcard speaks up - did they not expect a backlash from this? this could've been handled a billion different ways.i am not against different maps. i am against paid dlc in an unfinished game.theres a large group of people waiting for a list of glitches&/bugs + system(ai,collision,client+server side perf,etc) issues to be fixed before they play again and i think their anger is somewhat justified.focus on finishing the game - up the price for the base game and put the dlc with it. make it an 'upgrade' for existing  players maybe? its honestly just saddening... thanks wildcard but no thanks to this.
todo el multijugador crashea y no hay gente porque parece imposible comprarse la edición normal. 27/10
uninstalled and hid it from my library due to being against the idea of large paid content being released before the game itself is even fixed and ready. the precedent it sets is gross, and has cemented my decision to not purchase an early access title again. being unable to refund it is a giant bummer.
- takes too long to join a match (when you play for the first time)- the jump physics are as if you were walking on the moon- sloppy gameplay
- bland and boring- hackers- crappy controls and gameplay
when aiming, still shooting like hip fire??
was a fun game until dlc. became even less fun after microtransactions.  would not recommend this game unless its free.
first review of h1z1:this game is in alpha. but one problem that bugs us all is the loot respawn. honestly until the servers and loot respawn get better i would not recommend this game at all! but overall i have enjoyed the game but it needs to improve in the next week.01/29/2015 review:now after playing this game so much. the respawn is too op. making it fun but too easy. i am now recommending this game because everything is going great with the game. loot times all good (needs fixing because its too op) bugs have been fixed. only problem is some zombie bugs and the servers being so packed. i still recommend this game.02/04/2015 review:so we find a car. we drive the car. i kill my friend by accident. i try and find him. i flip the car. bomb, it blows up. h1z1 experience 10/10 senpai03/29/2015 review:now everything has become a ♥♥♥♥ hole! zombies everywhere, toooooo many bears and its like almost impossible to find ammo and you find like 20 ar's, 10 rifles, 3 pistols, 1-0 shotguns and like no m9's.....like ammo is ♥♥♥♥ed atm and guns are everywhere!!!! where is the ****ing competition honestly! my 10/10 rating on 02/04/2015 went to a 3/10......all they added that was helpful and good was a bloody anti-cheat! good for them, they can catch hackers now but what about the people playing the game!!!!!! it's honestly the shitest minutes of your life. okay, my friend wants me to play but how are we suppose to know where the ♥♥♥♥ friends are if there isnt a friend system. only if you could send friend requests in game so you could see yourself and them on the hand drawn map. okay too many bugs and requests from me just letting you know its in alpha and to wait!04/09/2015so i go for a couple of games of battle royal. i don't usually do awesome but i came 3rd and 5th and 10th once. all i do is try my best in the games because all i get is a ton of hackers! so many players hack its not even funny. do something sony online entertainment!04/11/2015alright updates after updates....they couldn't care less about our entertainment. they add hats yay what does that fix! hackers everywhere...hats isnt going to solve the problem sony you ****ing ret-ards. fix the game all we do is need to face hackers in everything!!!!!!!04/17/2015shitest game ever! battle royal experience:hackershackershackers+i get killed by a ♥♥♥♥ing bomb when i run too the safe zone and come 11th...
fun i played bye myself because there is no servers for me is this anyone elses problem if there was servers it would be sick
this game sucks its incredibly laggy fix this
im pooph
cant play properly because everytime i jump or go over a block i get teleported back to the spawn.
cant play properly because everytime i jump or go over a block i get teleported back to the spawn.
built a space ship... couldnt find it
one of the worst games ive ever played. would not recommend it.
got the game for $1.24 and i still feel like i've wasted money. the game is boring and very repetitive but the main problem is ur basically watching it. its like a tv series where u can't do anything. i made a couple extra rooms and when the nest day came they all disapearred and everything that i was supposed to make had been rearranged. don't buy unless uv'e seen someone play it and tried it, and now want it.
omg counter strike chill with the cooldown dont make it up to 7 days
the reason i got this game was because my friends told me it would be fun and we could do many thangs i got the game i played it for a good 50 hours then realiszed it was a pedophile simulaor naked man chase you down shove their ♥♥♥♥♥ in your face ♥♥♥♥ you hold you hostage and kill you i had nightmares of old naked men ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me when i played this game i wish there was a way to get my money back plus there are to many hackers
meh
first things first the game doesn't even load up for me and i want a refund but because i bought it on steam i can't. i've also sent a message to capcom but nothing no repleyed to it so its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that i can't play this game because it looked so good but its just ♥♥♥♥ that you can't refund.
if you like unrewarding tedious gameplay, with the 'skill' being hyper aggressive enemiy hordes, near permanent 50% maximum health then this is the souls game for youunlike the previous installments there is no warning, thought or imagination put into the ambushes, traps or repurcussions, and you will be punished iwth death for simply progressing through the game!no more worrying about your build because youll need every point in damage and adaptability to even survive, oh and we also buffed smelter demon(s), and broke their weapon hitboxes so have fun with that.>♥♥♥♥ing play ds1, ds2, des or bb this is trash and we're lucky its a standalone game not a new patch on ds2.
pros:+ gameplay+ graphics+ ability to practice with botscons:- short, cliche campaign- lack of dedicated servers- lots and lots of campers- paid map packs- you almost always spawn next to an enemy- lack of innovationdespite the cons, the game is not too bad but its not too good either.
why is the game  ran of the memory?
more like devolve
after all the hype and build-up, and being a long time x-enthusiast (owning every x game prior), the much awaited x rebirth turned out to be a complete and utter dismal dissappointment. while most game developers would aim to build on existing positives, x rebirth's devs have taken everything good about the original games, and thrown them completely out of the window in order to squeeze in some "pretty new graphics", which in all honesty, aren't that impressive to begin with and seem more of a throwback to mid 2000's graphics engines. the removal of third person views, multiple ship control, gate travel (a new "taxi tube" system has been developed to shuttle your ship from system to system, which is absolutely terrible) and many "new features" are actually fancy detractions from what made the original x series so great. the addition of being able to walk around in stations sounded great at first, but is extremely limited in it's function and serves no great logical purpose to the game that couldn't be solved easier with menus and communications channels, except to make the game boringly and frustratingly mundane each time you are forced to wander around stations upon docking. trade is just about non-functional, often causing game-breaking errors and lockups, and combat although beautiful to watch is just as broken. i am sorry to say that i was duped into pre-ordering this game with the promise of great things... it's a shame it was all a sham, and that no attempt to fix the issues has been made (even though that would basically mean re-releasing the entire game). save yourself some money (and sanity); do not buy this pile of steaming cowpat!
a little story to describe my game experience in ark: survival evolved... i had supported this game since the beginning, so don't get the idea i was a newbro, had rolled up over 700 hours in a few months alone.i was recently globally banned (yes, globally, as in all servers, not just the one i was on) for refusing to change my tribe name from the band name "cky". when i questioned the admin who threatened me with expulsion why i had to change it, he globally banned me. when i contacted studio wildcard directly to repeal the ban, and even went as far to send video and screen captured evidence of the conversations, i was completely ignored. i now have a basically useless game on my steam list, all due to an over-zealous ban happy admin with an itchy button-finger.also, the admin banned my partner's account for no reason whatsoever, just "in case" i was playing on her account too. it's not often you get server admins and developers who are less mature than their player base. thanks wildcard!oh, also the frame rate sucks even on modern super computers, and the gameplay is kind of stale in the current market.1/10 - simply because i was able to drown most of my own dinos before he banned me. would ride a trex into the ocean depths again! ;)
this game is redonkulously hard. it's not fun just starting the game with the hill and your friends get shot straight away because they just wanted to charge an be heroes while they crawl to you afterwards wanting to get healed but instead i put them out of thier miseries with my pistol for 2 reasons is that i wanted to be greedy and as for the other it was to just teach them a lesson. i'd rather play cod.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ paid mods making a once good game even worse
after $84 spent on the deluxe edition, and 9 hours of downloading, i could even play past the first loading screen without it crashing.will have to wait a few weeks until they patch it. it's unplayable in its current state.
the game seems pretty good, i played through the tutorial which was easy to understand. although i haven't been able to get much further because the game crashes :/
the game wont open it keeps crashing on me what a peace of crap
i got this with the bundle of worms (tm) games a while back - after a bit of research it turns out it's made by ubisoft for multiple platforms back in the early 2000's (don't believe the time on record that steam provides, as i managed to find an original copy for the gamecube recently. i regret that).this really shows - many ubisoft games that used lisenced franchises like disney or other big names at the time often had significanly lower quality in-comparison to their own ip's while also putting a 'spin' on whatever popular game mechanics were being used for these 'outsourced' titles (i.e. a donald duck themed crash bandicoot with a modified health system ran poorly and is easily beaten by the 3d rayman titles).ubisoft's 'spin' this time is the momentum of your movement being mixed with worms (tm) weapons to create a clunky puzzle game that has the main difficulty being setting up your 'answer' to the challenges that it provides instead of the actual puzzles themselves.also, worms games don't even allow users to move when aiming - it feels counter-intuitive to the original franchise too.not reccommended unless the clunky-2000's style appeals to your rose-tinted nostalgia glasses.
update:it's dead. thanks devs.oh, and sony too. :pi paid for the most expensive starter pack - i'm regretting that now.old review:a mixture of the old-style movement system that seems to be quite the rarity with games like cod and the like (that have a cover system) taking up the charts. it's 3rd person perspective hit the sweet-spot for me, as the extra field-of-view lets you notice those sneaky remote-control rockets before they kick you in the butt, and it definitly suits the movement system that expects you to know about your surroundings that could change in an instant from your opponent's ever changing weapons (example: noob: hey, that timed insta-kill sticky wasn't there befo- boom!). on the topic of changeable weapons, it certainly allows a lot of freedom (that, unfortunatly people dont understand), as you can break the conventional weapon type (speedy bouncing lazer-pointed tunneling rockets anyone?) that most other games seem to stick to like it's the law. balancing may be an issue right now, but the devs sure are active with their constant streams about upcoming features and community requests about new features and statistic adjustments (like the currently op shield getting a mix up, possibly making it even more op  depending  on how well you use it) and although the game's personality may be a bit like xbox live's, the community in general seems to be pretty good (although i will admit that quite a few people don't yet understand what the f7 button does as they complain about glitches/hacks/hackusations: if you didn't know what it does, it creates a report for the devs to look at with extra information supplied by you, and it's the same button as plenty of other games like tf2). hooked on it right now.
cod bo3-pontos negativos:  +é cod  +todas armas parecem as mesmas  +no recoil claro pq é cod  +graficos merdas dnv porque a activision não investe na ♥♥♥♥♥ de um motor grafico novo.  +pessima otimização, fps variava de 120 a 20 em 1 segundo.  +agora o povo e power ranger, tem super poder de voltar no tempo de uns ganchao que bate no chao, tem o maluco            da metralhadora na mao gigante, a muie do arco explosivo,o cara que tem o poder de fazer os outro vumita, enfim um completo tolete.   +deveria chamar: titan crysis of destiny   +mecanica de double jump fail   +voce pode atirar no double jump sem se preocupar com a accuracy da arma   +sesson pass custa um rim e é uma bosta.pontos positivos:---------------------------------------------------♥♥♥♥♥ nenhuma. 
i am sorry dota, but league of legends is better
got get mass effect and look at the strange thing called ''story''but it is a nice game, just not my cup of tea
sucks!
i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love postal and all, but postal 3 was totally trashed, the game is a nutshell of crashes and bugs, i wish i could play this to the end, but even that is impossible due to the fact this game crashes every 5 min from every little thing that pops out.if you look to play postal, just buy postal 2.
this game will be fun if u fix it.it cant be started directly on steam and you have to go to the website to download all the stuff.and i wasted money on this just because it can't start!i want a refund.i am serious.
as much controversy has surrounded the developer. a game should not be judged by the acts of it's developer right?! in this case no. the controversy that surrounded phil fish and his remarks had not proven the fact that fez was a terrible game due to phil's attitude. in fact fez was an amazing game and had it's share of fame.while this game. a great concept and idea executed by one of the worst and rude person who makes a game on the topic of depression which strives to be a fictional game based on a person living with depression.the developer never had experience living with depression, leading the game to be highly unrealistic and mainly based on ideas on "what might a depressed person think?"the developer itself, sets a very bad example as a developer of a game which strives to convey the awareness of depression.the game itself revolves around long text based story telling and can easily be picked out and written by anyone and not by the perspective of a person living with depression.for explaination of the controversy surrouding the dev: http://imgur.com/a/4vocxtldr: game is bad, dev is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
2 offensive
el juego ta baca
-gastei dinheiro com esse lixo!
i'd give it a year
absolute waste of my life. first of all (despite what it says on steam), the darkness ii has not yet been optimised for mac computers which is an absolute let down/waste of money. don't get me wrong, i'm sure that the game is great, but from what i've seen so far playing on a high spec mac computer, is a pile of ♥♥♥♥. do not, i repeat, do not buy this game unless you are 100% sure that you have a working pc and not a mac. i want my money back you sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
mal otimizado.
♥♥♥♥ers made me pay 80 for this piece of broken donkey teeth
when the game isn't crashing, it is stuttering worse than an autistic kid watching sonic.also, instead of fixing said issues, they went full ea and added microtransactions.1/10, and only cos you can slide up stairs, do not buy.
so this game is alright. exept for the fact its a glitchy buggy pile of ♥♥♥♥. now dont get me wrong, this game is very polished and looks amazing, exept the controls are quite a mess, q,e, w,a,s,d and the right mouse button all control the camera. not to mention the combat has a nice combat triangle with smalls good against large and large good against other large, not good against small ect. but every once in a while the game randomly chrashes and not to mention on the second mission i lose 100% of the time, not because of how i play,but because after i destroy cargo ships that i need to stop from reaching a warp gate, which your sopposed to, to retrieve t-cells, after i kill them i get a message saying i let the cargo ship through?!  this happens even after 4 restarts. at this moment i would not recommend this game unless the devs patch this quickly.
very bad game mechanics, too similar to aoe and civilasation games.
worst game ever made by creative assembly.  that includes war path.  the game has no soul and does not do anything it is supposed to.  the troops cannot even keep formation.
dont waste your time
i have a fairly good windows 7 and this game still has so much lagging and bullcrap that it's unplayable. :/ would not recommend unless you have a advanced computer.
when i finish a game it stops working and i have to exit the game
dont get this gae the serves are down dont get it!!! lost 7.50 on that.
why use actual weapons when you can use your wallet instead?
it was good at first, now everyone's a sniper and it sucks
after 2 days of downloading and updating with much anticipation the serves are down for maintenance..... hope this is a regular thing.
the best menu simulator on the market.
1: download a ♥♥♥♥ load of mods.2: wait 2 hours to download darkrp mods.3: get banned from throwing ♥♥♥♥ at little squeaking ♥♥♥♥♥.4: reflect on your actions and do it again on a different server.3/10
i have wanted this game for so long now i decided i would try it. that was a huge mistake. this game as horrible ai, gui, inventory, lag and pretty much everything else. i know they say it is only in alpha but a game should at the very least be playable before they release it. the game looks, sounds and feels like someone got bored and decided to slap together this thing in under 3 hours. should you get it? if you want to waste your time and money.
specs way too demandingthis game fits more on console than pc
a terrible example of what a good ant simulator should be.
i have played 1000 wolves for days and i am amazed at how the game can roll up a 9,j,k on every spin no mistake every spin u get a 9 on first line j and a j k on 3rd line and no wilds and whe u get a wilds its always with a 9 j kit goes more than 100 spins in a row with nothing but 9s js ks and then u get a bonus round and guess what u get more 9s no wilds and thats all,and u can wait for hours for the bonus tyo come up again.its time they fixed the games they are quick to take your monet but leave u out to dry once they have the money
load of rubbish,why u cant use the game pad is beyond me
best mlg peasant simulator on the market.10/10 it's pretty okay -ign
one of the only games on steam that is not even worth a single dollar.
i used to love this game but since the last few updates it has become a mess... i would not recommend it in this state.
buggy as hellgear challenges remove all enjoyment from the game.jc2 is a much better game - play that again instead.
don't bother unless you're a pro.
this game is officially dead. only us east server and noone playing on it.
i can see the message they developer was trying to send, but the fact he's charging money for an apology seems a bit offhanded. main metaphor comes of as a bit pretentious. i empathise with  "coda"'s thoughts on the author. this really should have been free and not charging money for it.very well made though.
shovelware. do not attempt to purchase at all.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. not worth any price. pirate it if you really have to play it...but its not worth it, no matter what the price. (not even worth $1). played better games that were free such as "how do you do it". story and gameplay is average but gets super repetitive (like alot)
stole my house, my wallet, my wife, my hat, and my life.i really liked that hatalso its turned into csgo. if you want to play something, play csgo. not a tf2 wearing csgo's clothes.
nao consigo jogar ele meio que trava e nao responde
do you feel like being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tted too..i dont.dont get this game it has its highs e.t.c if u like ww2 games than thats it down:buggy,death every 20 seconds from tanks,planes,p2w players cost alot for ♥♥♥♥ ass weapons,germany always ♥♥♥♥ing wins and if u do get this game you will find out the other thousand thing ♥♥♥♥ as well.
oh my god, bored to death with this game. gave it a good chance, but story is bland to say the least, loading screens every 2 min, getting into house is a nightmare with e button smashing on every window, come on developers, you gotta be sane making games, at least listen to fans of the series.  i am running back and forth in the same locations trying to hide from the same generic guards (mind you killing them and leaving the area makes them respawn). then i just decide to run past them as i cant be bothered at this point, so he gets his weapon, swings and hits me from 10 meters away, how???? i am already 3 houses away from the guard at this point. arghh, game is utter frustration. only good thing is the graphics
even with the choices the game presents, i find this game really boring. maybe i am just too old for the chick flicks. if you like little teens whining and crying, the game is for you. otherwise don't buy
i got ♥♥♥♥ed over by uplay becuase they changed my log in details and ♥♥♥♥ed me over so now i cant play far cry 3., i ♥♥♥♥en hate them ♥♥♥♥♥ for that becuase i really love that game and whe ni had to update it and now i cant play it again, i want to ♥♥♥♥en murder them ♥♥♥♥♥ for doing this to me, ps the knife goes stab stab!.
i've played this game since it was in alpha. back in my day there were tons of people playing this game. everyone loved playing it when they'd get home from a busy day. but then when 1.0 released and jagex bought it..."oh no" -jontroneverything that i knew and loved was gone.(the only servers that anyone still plays is zombies. why???? i don't know. all i can say is blame jagex!).
ah rotmg. you died as you lived. microtransactions.yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
no just no.
crappy ♥♥♥ game banning me from competitive cause my router needed a restart
♥♥♥♥ed up game!!!!!!
heavy breathing after running 5m
this game makes me dizzy
i idled for 4 hours just to get the gamecards from this game.
got vacced for getting stuck on a rock 10/10 would banned again
game is good, graphics are great, though it gets really repetitive. its just same old, same old.5/10
la actualizacion anterior de poder usar mas de un arma fue perfectapero poner ahora esos como polvos verdes y cajas.............la embarro todoya no ganar dinero en batallas, se hace mas dificil conseguir armasel juego no mejora solo empeora.con cada actualizacion que llega el juego se embarra masosea cuando salga la version original ¿sera asi de malo?
so i got this after my friend told me to download it and play with him, our relationship will never be the same. after getting off this and purging my drive i went to use the toilet. it was a big one, and after good 2 solid minutes of pain trying to force this monster out i was done. after i wiped the sweat off my face and the dags off my hairy ♥♥♥ i stared at my creation for a very brief moment. and right there and then is when i realized that even tho this was a rather unpleasant experience (taking an arm sized ♥♥♥♥ that is) it was still a far better experience than trying this *cough* game.tldr:graphics like its 2003.controls like a grampa with parkinsons.next to no customization options in terms of gameplay controls, no crouch (so 2015) as an example.may have actually given me cancer...0/10 would not touch this with a 10-foot internet pole held by someone else.
gimp controls, graphics from back in 2001, horrid handling, worst business model i have ever seen, zero team balance, ♥♥♥♥ guns that sound the same and are simply rehashes of previous guns with better stats, pay to win pay to win pay to win and pay to ♥♥♥♥ing win. also the game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken to death with bugs. oh and there you have numbers, it doesnt matter that a person was shot in the head, he only took 59 damage, but he has 120 hp so it means he must survive, what the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ is this mess?
i cant play i have the game but i cant play for some reason
microtransactions....
apparently i couldn't carry a sniper as it was too heavy for me... i was then held up by a squeaker who was eaten by zombies which i tried to turn around and shoot but game bugged out once again and magazines left my invent as attempting to hold a sniper wipes your invent.dayz is double the price but 50x better than this piece of ♥♥♥♥ and dayz itself is only in pre alpha... do yourself a favour and keep the money in your pocket and spend it on worthy games.so i say proudly, if you own this game uninstall it, if you want to buy this game or are even remotley considering it, look up dayz/rust right now.
takes a long time to finish each matches, and anyways im just here for the tf2 items lol
i have been playing fps games since doom first came out, and i have to say that in comparison to every other shooter that i have played, the gameplay in max payne 3 is truly disgusting.  rarely will you ever come across repetitive tedious hard labour as hideous as this. the occassional bug that lets you fall thru the floor or get trapped in a wall comes as a refreshing break in the horrid mix of broken gameplay and cut-scenes which take away any weapon upgrades you have fought hard to achieve, either by switching you back to the single hand gun or simply removing all other weapons from your inventory, leaving you wondering why you worked so hard to get other weapons and ammo supplies, or even why they were dangled there to temp you in the first place.the most horrid aspect of fighting in mp3 would have to be this "last man standing" feature which takes away all control in a gun fight and forces you to target on a single enemy who has dealt you a mighty blow, and somehow you are supposed to enjoy suddenly ripping your attention away from the fierce battle that had your full attention, and shoot just one enemy in slow motion, if you can, before dying.  personally i would prefer if the game let me just do my own thing in a battle, and if i am hit with a killing shot then so be it.  let me use my meds and battle sense to do it my way.  last-man-standing is probably the most hateful feature i have ever encountered in a game.  have i missed a feature that lets me turn that off?the greatest wonder i am left with is why i have spent so much time trying to complete this game and why i have not simply deleted all traces of it from my pooter.
pros:*great monster.*fun to play.*plays very uniquely.*looks really badass.cons:*terrible against the dlc hunters, specifically torvald (the dlc assault).*it's rediculously overpriced.*there are very few skins for him (none are directly in the steam store, you need to open the game and goto the shop in the main menu).*none of said behemoth skins come in bundles with the other monsters.if you really want to buy this dlc, go ahead. behemoth is a very fun too play monster and i enjoy playing him very much. the only real downside too him is the price, he should really only cost $5.00 (considering that steam charges usd, behemoth is even more expensive for us australians).
pros:- make your own guns/skins/maps- download and use custom guns/skins/maps made by other players- nice steam emoticons.cons:- no way of making good ironsights without a picture editing program capeable of giving your image a transparent           background.- ^because of this its hard to make guns that you'll actually be able to use (as player voting system will prvent it from getting through)- barely anyone plays it anymore.great game, but due to its multiplayer focus, it is basically unplayeable now as no-one plays it anymore.spend your money elsewhere.
banned for someone elses faultperiod life in altis gets givin million buxbi bans me♥♥♥♥ you bohema! ♥♥♥♥ you!
destroyed a great game with recent updates, requires paying real money to get any enjoyment. also matchmaking is very unbalanced.
v231.0. way to ♥♥♥♥ on players.
nice game wouldn't mind playing with my friends. it's almost as if the creator is anti mmo in the worst possible way.i wish i had the money and the resources and the talent to create a game just for myself like the creator of this game.dont buy it!
terri irwin would have had an easier time pulling a bindi out of her ♥♥♥♥ than running this game with losing connection in a solo game -_- 0.00002/10 would not buy jug again
for mkx mobile, if i want cyber jacqui and undercover cassie i need to buy an xbox 1 or ps4, not to mention how dead online is. -16/420
super bad game ever.i can't creat my id.
no
cancer!
luigi's mansion is alot better with some actual ghosts
didn't have fun playing gmod, don't recommend sadly.
my grandfather smoked his whole life. i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. he gave it up immediately. three years later he died of lung cancer. it was really sad and destroyed me. my mother said to me- 'don't ever smoke. please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through." i agreed. at 28, i have never touched a cigarette. i must say, i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
cs:go in a nutshell: ak-47 ak-47 ak-47 ak-47 ak-47 ak-47
i was rather disapointed in this game.on the lowest settings, the game war of the roses had a bad framerate. the controls are not very user friendly, and the game is hard to start off on.i do not recommend this game.
bad
pay 2 win in its worst possible form
esse jogo é uma bela de uma bosta.nota: 3/10
this game was awesome. minecraft with wot. pretty sweet. you could get so many things, at such early levels. i was a tier 2 and i had an awesome jet fighter plane thing with 12 wings and some awesome plasma launchers. but now when they updated it they changed the tech tree and i lost all my wings and my guns which i had been working on for ages. okay, fine you updated the tech tree and we have to play a bit harder to get the things we need, but don't get rid of the things we had already. i have been reduced down to tier 1 because i lost so much. it was an awesome game but now it is really meh. ruins everything you were got and everything you did. -99/10
it's like taking any fun card game like magic or yugioh and taking away the fun and crazy
play only for the tf2 hat, this game is boring, dull and not fun at all
this game, makes no sense at all. there is not plot. it tries to teach law, for a japanese game. i don't know.
+able to customize avatar and a few equipment.=mp show low ping but when play ... got lag, spiky one...=not all keys is in key maping...=when i use lmg thing, shoot is like catching wild cat and i die a lot than kill, but others is like 1 hit kill me from full hp with full auto =_==no tutorial.=no aibot for offline play.=no co op mission.=there is npc in editor like zombie and turret, but never see the actual gameplay.-how aim works  is not good for me that used bad mouse... da iroon sight of sniper is terible like skating too much.-using jump on slop makes you sometime... stuck.-no auto focus on editor.-some player got twice shot-gun in da face and still walk-and-gun people...-not much player... -theres sprint button but nothing happen.
+many unique playable char.+deflect bullet with your sword.+massive, over used explosive. +destructible map level.+lotsa enemy to kill.+co op. =no char selection on start mission. you got random?=2 way aim, either you aim to left side or right side. =need fast reflect xd reflex.. replex...re..re (skip) to stay alive longer. tho you can play it at slower pace by doing gorilla tac... oh well...whatever-player dead in 1 hit, actually i'm ok with that, but the random char is annoy me :c dah pw matek pisan, piye to bro xd-player forced to change char when trying to get more life. this should be optional? -a stupid playmate that can destroy a whole map by throwing rambro grenade all over the place and shot like a mindless zombie.time-killer. cool gameplay on video that i watched. but after defeating the big alien, i got bored....
+co op only.+sp with full team, 1 player, 3 bot ai.+4 class with its own weapon and gadget to unlock.+random event.=bot ai only help killing the police, all objective must be done by player...=player base getting smaller, increasing your chances to play with cheater.-now alot cheater join in that break the game and the gameplay. lotsa crash because too much stuff that spawned by cheater.-a few mission.recom for old days... now play at your own risk.==============================================merampok itu bukan sebuah tindakan yang patut ditiru, tapi merampok bank dalam game ini seru!, dan misinya gak hanya merampok bank koq, ada yg misi membebaskan tahanan dari polisi, ada misi mengejar penghianat (perampok yang dirampok haha kocak), ada misi merampok uang dari para junkies (yg ini serasa jadi robin hood tapi bawa senapan serbu hehe), ada misi diam-diam merampok berlian dari orang maruk (asal tidak ketahuan aja dengan penjaga, dengan begitu bisa aman sampai tengah perampokan, habis itu, give 'em hell!), ada misi merampok emas batangan dari tangan iring-iringan tentara bayaran (baca:mercenary convoy, haha au ah).... yang jelas kalau main sendiri kurang seru... :p
uhh... very gay...... andd if you like gay games try this one...... yea :p
rc was a good game untill i accedently meged my accounts now the game is ♥♥♥♥ and should be removed from steam if anyone can fix this i would love the help asap 
microtransactions.it wouldn't be so bad if it was just cosmetic but giving the guns buffs over other guns? no.edit: well they've taken out of the microtransactions but the issue remains, they said they'd never do it and yet they did. i don't trust them anymore. overkill is a great example of what not to do when your customers love you and what you create.
tl;dr: + looks great, interesting creatures, technical achievement.- little content, everything is the same, devs lied about multiplayer, horrible port, price.do i recommend? mostly, no. it's bland and mediocre. few people would really enjoy this game. if it's on sale for $15 - 20 then maybe.4.5/10-----------------------if you take away all the hype no man's sky is exactly what it says it is, a space exploration game. i love exploration games and i don't mind no man's sky, but with that said i wouldn't recommend this to many people. it's a game that's devoid of content and seems more like a full priced early access game than a full-fledged game. i enjoy the relaxation of cruising around, collection resources and exploring new planets but it's only something i can enjoy in small bursts before i get bored and want to go play something else. this may be patched in the future but as many others have said, this game runs like crap. i have a decently new computer and can't sustain 60fps on a mixture of low and medium details and even when the fps is high the game still feels stuttery and jerky (even after going through all the developer fixes).edit 23/08: as of the latest patches performance has improved but not yet to the point where i'm going to get rid of the above comment. i'm still getting the occasional fps drop and jerky overall experience.pros:+ beautiful looking game (with the exception of some textures)+ interesting creatures (i found juming mushrooms and pineapples)+ heaps of upgrades, tools and ships to collect+ endless farming and exploring (if you're into that sorta thing)+ technicaly achievement in terms of planets and creatures+ naming things funny names (jumping pineapple)cons:- horrible port, i have a decent computer and can't sustain 60fps on low/medium graphics- some textures are very low res (even on higher details)- grainy texture pop in- devs lied about "multiplayer" and continue to avoid the issue- bad ui, hold to interact? get out of here!- price. $60? nope.- after a couple hours you begin to get the feeling that every planet is the same- to add on the planets are boring, the landmarks are the same and the flora are just rinse and repeat- spacestations are all the same and devoid of life- the aliens are bland, interaction is boring (they don't even exit their ships or walk around)- combat (while not the main component of the game) is clunky and doesn't feel rewarding- there's just no content, there's nothing to do- ship controls are weird, i just wanna crash my ship into the ground... let me pls! (can be fixed with a mod...)- floating resources? i just wanna be able to destroy the bottom and have it crash down!- inventory manager simulator 2016- can't decrease volume of "siri robot". damn is she loud sometimes.- animal parts are chosen out of a "lot bin" so you see a lot of the same things (i've seen at least 3 jumping pineapples by now)
bad game4/10poorly optimizedew
bad gameshld b f2p
i won my very first game against gaben so now he puts noobs on my team every single gameplaying this game in australia is actually the worst thing i have ever experienced and i would rather be a jew in world war 2
这是我玩过的最糟糕的fps游戏了，8分钟的游戏时间已经是我的极限了。射击的手感还不如去玩魂斗罗来的直爽。完全是被游戏商店页面的截图给骗了。
confusion & program crashes
屎一般的战斗系统
seria muito bom poder dizer q o jogo e bom pois tem um enorme potencial porem só consigo jogar 2 minutos ate ele fechar sozinho e me deixar frustrado com um arrependimento enorme por ter gasto meu dinheiro dessa forma!
muito ruim jogo cheio de bug perdi dinheiro nessa porcaria!
a borderlands 2 guide:let's see...borderlands 2 the gem of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games. this game deserves to be removed from gaming forever. the storyline is downright terrible and can cause you to go slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. the voice acting is terrible, animations are glitched beyond imagination and there are so many other things that are bad about this excuse of a game. overall it's just a terrible game that should be wgotc - worst game of the century. final verdict:0/10 disgrace (this is why there is a 0 in rating. to rate games like this which are terrible)
trash game.
i dont like it
i dont like it
10/10 quickest ♥♥♥♥♥torm i've seen in a while
paid for the game at launch... turned to f2p and got ♥♥♥♥ all because of it... game is terrible now... all i can say is shamehttp://media4.popsugar-assets.com/files/thumbor/kx10vrflfssoqlcfzygjqelcxxu/fit-in/2048xorig/filters:format_auto-!!-:strip_icc-!!-/2015/09/14/875/n/1922398/ff7934d941fbecef_aea06075bbcd4dc17553e2459babbb88/i/shame-bell-lady-from-game-thrones.gifupdate... so they have given founders more in game coins... not really much.. but i guess its better than nothing
warning：this dev is a liar, don't buy his games.he revoked all gearcrack arena unused paid keys, and hided sale data.https://steamcommunity.com/app/301480/discussions/0/618463738390676465/https://steamdb.info/app/301480/graphs/screenshot on wayback machine:https://web.archive.org/web/20160703061417/https://steamcommunity.com/app/301480/discussions/0/618463738390676465/all walter machado games on steamdb:https://steamdb.info/search/?a=app_keynames&keyname=241&operator=3&keyvalue=walter+machadothanks for steamdb's data.
glitches.and the song is trash.
do not buy this gameit is still in alpha stages and nothing is even close to being finished. it has had yet another price bump making it even more overpriced. 75% of this game is walking around trying to find a town or something, 24% of the game is looking in the towns or whatever for items, and 1% of the game is fighting zombies, in which case if you don't have a gun and ammo (which is usually extremely hard to find), you may be able to kill it, but it will leave you bleeding and you will eventually die from blood loss. and when fighting the zombies, especially with melee, it is extremely glitchy and hard to kill them.
was in a que to find a casual match for about 30 minutes and didn't find a game. once i gave up on that i decided to play the solo mode which was absolute ♥♥♥♥. don't bother downloading this game it is terrible.
♥♥♥♥♥, esse jogo é mais mau optimizado que jogos do atari, agora com atualização crasha mais que os meus server de minecraft quanto tentava botar 300 mods.
♥♥♥♥ this game i join a server the game ♥♥♥♥ing crashes
this game is just repeating the same joke over and over and over again and do you know why that joke is not funny now???it's just random stupid stuff that is happening in a random stupid world so should this game be worth buying???no!absolutley not the same joke over and over again is not funny you know what the joke is and they told you what it is they want this joke to be known fully by the player and that joke is,the game is buggy...woooo 10\10 best game ever.no stop your terrible reviews this review system is supposed to help new people to find great games on steam,but then these guys show up and their like",hey wouldn't it be funny if we abused the review system."well guess the review system backfired for steam now everyone gets terrible games by terrible reviews.
it should be nice game, if valve ban  the cheater.
this game become pay 2 win
the unistaller works well10/10 -"skyrim with autism" ign
the devs once saw the words "optimisation" on the side of a porta-potty oncethat's basically all they know of it
although i love dead rising and played the ♥♥♥♥ out of it on the xbox, in its current state i can't recommend it. although the performance is perfectly fine running at 1080p 60fps, there is a game breaking bug where the game refuses to save and instantly corrupts any auto-saves made. as there is no definitive solution for this glitch, this makes the game broken and unplayable.once this issue is resolved, i will be changing this into a positive review.
the memory in this game leaks more than the jennifer lawrence nudes
its so shiiiiiiiiiiiiit why is pll making these block games its gay
so ♥♥♥♥ i couldnt even play the game
i'm going to start of by saying, this is not a "rouge-like". it may have perma death, but this is more of a gambling rpg game, everything you do is a gamble. some people may find this fun, but most people that like a challange will hate this game because unless you want to challange your ability to get rngesus on your side, the level of skill vs the level of randomness makes this game feel like punishment. it may be fun because of its "hardness" but that's only if you enjoy getting hours in, only to have to make a new game because its been a up-hill battle from the begining, and your luck will never change.
run an instance 6 timessame useless item called talt 6 times in a row.makes me question why i play this game at all.uninstall.not to mention the insane problems that ruin this games community, trading, grouping, loot drops, hackers, abuse of megaphones to spam gold farmers, and a paywall to do basically anything mmo based. honestly fix your game... this is not an mmo its a singleplayer game with some people running around.
even when you do the right thing in this game it finds a way to ruin your playthrough.. gg ds3 adventure is dead
never played the original but i got bored of this fast. out of what i have played it seems like a weird sonic clone working off exploration insted of speed, which leaves me no idea where to go half the time and everything seeming pointless except finding the exit. not only that, but there are these small little blue enemies which because you are running a little quickly you end up not seeing at all and running into for no real reason. if it werent for the fact i got this with a bundle full of much much more entertaing worms games i would be screaming for a refund as i had no fun with this game. if you like that kind of game, maybe check this out, but i got bored of the original sonic games and im extra bored with this. now to clear it off my hard drive.
t
the new update made it ♥♥♥♥ing harder to get in a match
so ♥♥♥♥ing glitchy
you aren't able to wear hats, change your tires, there is no decals and there are only 3 antennas but you have to unlock them, wow...
the developers of no man's sky promised too many things which mislead many people including myself.a big one of these is multiplayer which told us that it was possible to see and interact with other people even though it was a rare occurence. i bought this game expecting all the things the developers said they would implement into the game but after it was released, many of the main reasons people bought the game for were not present in the final release.
didn't learn fluid russian0/10 ign
fastest uninstall of 2016!
how the ♥♥♥♥ do you play?
great game looks crazy and plays well to boot . but no point in getting this if yo want muiltyplayer, walls and aim bot allready a plenty, really sad. this wont be viable for very long ill give it 2 months and the comunity will be dead.
x:garbage
the only reason for this negative review is that the game is unplayable on ultrawide screens due to an unpatched mouse mapping issue.do not buy this game if you are intending to run it on an utrawide monitor.
tried this, doesn't really explain what you are meant to do."manueover your robot to the train!" umm, how do i do that exactly? i click a "manueover card" but can't seem to make it do anything. i'm not going to spend a whole lot of time trying to figure out something which should be explained by the ui.
if you have an ultrawide screen eg 3440x1440 then avoid this game like the plague. your monitor is not supported.
this game has no support for ultrawide monitors.  i haven't played it for that reason. it might be a fine game, but if you have an ultra wide monitor (mine is 3440x1440) then avoid it unles you like having a standard widescreen aspect ratio game stretched out across your big screen.maybe there are some hacks you can do to get ultra wide working but quite frankly i couldn't be bothered trying to figure it out. i'd rather just not buy the game.
couldn't play doubles in tennis. would not recommend....
waste of 99 cents and internet data.
ainda tenho que especificar?
this game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥ and crashes 24/7
repetitive game, full of dlc's full of power creepi can overlook these thing (hell i even got all dlc's day 1)due to the fact the game was fairly entertaining and the overwhelming community behind this gamethis died today (16/10/15) overkill broke the lua and mod overide support and even addedmicro-transactions, mirco-transactiuons that boost stats ingame and need real $$$ to buy themgoodbye overshill i was fun while it lasted
more explosions in just cause 4
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥
it was great, but they keep changing the game for the worse. the worse thing right now is the wait time to get into battles, up to 15 minutes, playing over the last month wait times varied from 2-15 minutes, often over 5 minutes. it's not the game it used to be. very disappointed in what used to be my favourite game.
this game crashes at start can't even play it.
putsnem tava ligado que era da ea
粪game一个！ i download already! but. game wont start . what! what the ♥♥♥♥ what are u doing for this game?! 你们他妈的 我为你们丢脸 画质做到这样好 游戏看过去很好玩 可以缺点就是 开始不到游戏. 好 不错！ 我现在要你们立刻退钱 ！否则我高你们去法庭!
this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game they police shoot the glass very lag  i so angry now ♥♥♥♥ u ea ♥♥♥♥♥ game!
keeps on crashing when i start a gamejesus is telling me something
unfortunately i cannot recomend this game as i have only able to play six hours of this game before it ceased to work, which i later found was because the game engine this game was created in does not work well with any laptop computers, if you play on a laptop do not buy this game.
the r8 ruined the gamethey made the spray rng (random)they ♥♥♥♥ed up the glockdid the opposite literally the opposite of what the community has asked for, for years
the reason i don't like this games is.  1.when you first get the game and you write the wrong age in it dousn't let you retry it.
can be very boring i would not recomend it.
this game seemed to be quite good. but turns out it's impossible to act any bit stealthy, if someone so much as whiffs your scent they're on you like a pack of dogs. what's really the point of having a 'good ending' i'm sure as hell not going to see it. :(
could have been a amazing game if the devs didnt ditch the game and run with our money
one of the worst games i have played
this game is very very very...mehits ok, but laughable bugs and medicore enemy animation make it too laughable.get it if you like the genre. but only if you like the genre.get unturned instead, its free and is much more fun.
game so perfect i want to play it even more - nathan he
its too complicated and in fight school it doesent teach you properly :(
are you serieously looking at bad reviews go ahead and buy the fucing game
if you love crap then you will love this game
well what can i say 3 servers to choose from europe, turkey and north america. if your not in any of those regions then you might as well look at another game because you'll be at a huge disadvantage to all the other players in the servers.
another rigged online casino game
game cheats.
what have you done... 20 minute wait period with my friend the expected wait time was a minute lol. each update is making the game worse and unplayable do not buy right now.
pay to win.
terrible game that requires ages of time just trying to find each other. terrible
i played this game at the eb games expo and loved it. everything in it was fluid and worked well. not to mention it was very fun. when it came out i thought this is going to be good. all i got was a laggy peice of crap that doesnt work well. would not reccomend.
play to win game, if you intend to play without spending money, good luck
ok here we gopros-free-fun when it workscons-♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics-cannot lan full stop-menu is buggered to hell-like pre alpha-alpha-bad graphics-sounds like cats getting run over everytime a chainsaw is present in a 500m radius-♥♥♥♥ weak ending-donator weapons, seriously?-crashes literally 2 seconds-cannot run with over 3 people without server pooping out-got literal ebola from playing"best game ever, 11/10"-igni know it is still in development and it is free, but it has been in development longer than nuclear throne and a game this poorly stiched together should pay people to be beta testers for it. the horror element is how horribly it was designed
 not good
nope
podria ser peor, pero no se me ocurre como.
at first i believed this season pass was definitly worth the $20 odd bucks i chucked at it, but since then i'm starting to get more and more dissapointed. with the recent release of the holodome dlc borderlands fans have been even more disspointed then with the release of sir hammerlock's big game hunt for borderlands 2. a complete waste of money that now seems to make up a quarter of what the season pass provides. as it was recently announced that their would be only one campaign dlc for the pre sequel, i am left to wonder whether this $20 is even going to be worth it in the end. the one redeeming factor so far is that it seems like the character dlc's are very well made and hopefully this can make up for the pile of excrement that is the holodome. for now i'd have to say it's not worth buying the season pass for this game. this opinion may change however with the release of upcoming content, we'll just have to wait and see.
many problems with this dlc, barely any actual content and extremely lacking in the features that are required in a borderlands slaughter dome.  -reused music -only one  actually new enemy -no real fix to the problem of non-respawnable bosseswhat the hell is 2k australia thinking?i'd strongly suggest that anyone thinking of buying the season pass for this game reconsider immediatly simply because of this dlc, it is in no way worth the $10 that they seem to believe people will spend on it.to be blatently honest at this point it seems like gearbox and 2k are just screwing with us, 4 promised campaign dlc's? nope, only one. a brand new slaughter dome? and this is all we get.when i first saw gameplay of this dlc i thought, "hell this looks like a dev version!" with nothing but limited amounts of reused enemies, a single boss, and weirdly broken loot... unless by some amazing magic this turns out to be the case, do not buy this dlc.and as a final bit of brokenness it appears this has yet to be released on mac. what a surprise.
i just hate the game, its been in alpha forever, i want my money back!!!!!!
to sum up this game in a windows command control-alt-delete end task
this game is more broken than payday 2 dlcs. it's ♥♥♥♥♥ier than tf2's fps. at least with tf2, i can get past the ♥♥♥♥ing titlescreen.edit: we did it boys, i made it past the title screenedit 2: after playing for a while now that it works, i still can't recommend buying it. aside from the fact that it's locked at 30 fps, it's boring compared to the other grindy, non-spinoff versions of the game. so far.well, if you're a die hard neptunia fan, then i guess buying it wouldn't be so bad. who knows, maybe my opinion will change.
as a visual novel with high quality looking assets, i wanted to enjoy it but i couldn't.the story plot from as far as i have played, didn't stir any interest from me (besides its beautiful assets ofc). the protagonist is just a guy who feels sorry for himself and thinks too much, heaps of inner dialogue that jump from one topic to the next not really serving any purpose besides telling the reader what we already know from a paragraph or so in; he feels sorry for himself. instead of assuming we know that by now, this concept gets dragged on for such a long time making -me- feel sorry for myself as he goes on and on about his boring lifestory. i think what makes it really hard for me to continue playing is my lack of interest in the protagonist as a character i will have to put up with the whole visual novel through. while i understand his sentiments and probably the purpose of him being so lifeless before he gets to the actual camp and 'lives it up' or something like that, i still don't get it and i don't agree with the execution. another thing that bothered me was the blurr effects in the beginning when he looks around his room. i don't quite understand the purpose of that and it just annoyed me. is he still sleepy or something? why can't he talk about that instead of how ordinary and uninteresting his life is? at least that would serve an actual purpose.like i said, i haven't played much and i wanted to give it a chance but it is what it is. it may be considered as a 'visual novel loved by many' in the description but i'm sorry, count me out. it just isn't for me.soviet games, i hope you continue making more visual novels to come with your beautiful assets and put more thought into the writing delivery/ cut out the unnecessary bits because the length of a story doesn't equal quality. 
overall, the game is great. however, the developers seem to have forgotten about the game soon after the release. glitches and bugs reported just after the release haven't been fixed yet and will not be. furthermore, the game in multiplayer co-op mode is painful to play because every once in a while there is some glitch corrupting the saves (probably a desync between host and a second player) - a problem that hasn't been addressed from the day one. shame really,  the game is great in single player but if you wish to play the campaign with your friend you may have a hard time with reloading save from 20 turns before in order to fix an issue. btw: for some reason reviewing the dlc - fall of the samurai is unfeasible, and one thing worth noting is that the base game is much less glitchy and buggy as the expansion is.
it won't even launch :/
the campaign is very short - too short really, although it had some fun levels in it. some of the puzzles were very challenging, but the majority were too easy. level design was excellent - i don't know why so many people are complaining about recycled levels. there really were'nt that many, and they were different enough to force you to rethink your approach.the paint gun model was disappointing, with no firing animation. you click the mouse, and a glob of paint is suddenly flying. the voice acting was actually quite good, however the lines were poorly written. overall, an enjoyable mod. however i think it was overpriced for the amount and quality of content.
i really like this game. i played it for ages, especially uplink (when u can get a game.) i had my cousin come over so i pulled out my xbox 360 and played black ops 1 with him mp.and now im writing this review.
game looks amazing, very smooth and the combat is fluid and fast.however, i was stopped at mission 3.mission ♥♥♥♥ing 3.because of some bug that causes not just me, but hundreds of other people to be unable to progress any further than the start of mission 3. you approach alisa, talk to her, walk out the door and put a phone to your ear. surprise, the hoe from earlier.she talks for about 20 seconds and then you stand there, holding an invisible phone to your ear.the door should've closed, but has not.great ♥♥♥♥ing work here.amazing.11/10unplayable.
i click find a game and it does nothing i want community servers back
i absolutely loved exploring a different coloured version of the same planet over and over again to collect resources to warp to another place with different coloured versions of the same planet.
increible, este juego tiene un systema de bans mas del asco.1. antes de ser clasificado, en las partidas clasificatorias, tenes que hacer diez provisionales y cada ves que ganas dos te dan un ban de 21h para ver si realmente estas ganando sin "hacks" supongo 2. si sacas a una cantidad de gente de seguido en partidas clasificatorias, te banean durante 7 dias ( yo saque a tres personas en 3 diferentes partidos competitivo y me sacaron por eso) 3. y si en un partido competitivo, no te logras conectar por tu .... de computadora, te banean por otros 7 dias. 15$ echados a la basura, perdida de tiempo. en genral el juego es bueno es el ******* systema de bans que es una *******
♥♥♥♥, do not waste your time.
amazing game but wont work unless you have a super computer
you start off playing like "oh yeah i a rythm game that i can use my own music in" then you start playing and it chrashes and you say "s#it! oh well this is the first time its running so its ok". then you get into the beat of the music and it lags so bad, the camera angle spasses out and you say "s#it s#it s#it! i hope that dosn't happen often" (it does) and then it crashes.0.5 / 10 starsbad
was best game in the universe. armour tier locks destroyed it. is now worst game in history
its alright.. if you wanna pay real money to buy guns then do so , or alternatively spend 30 or so hours to get a average gun.. gameplay - 2/10 not engagingsound - 5/10controls - 6/10graphics - 5/10 mediocre micro-transactions in a ftp game - 2/10 terrible you have to play a lot to obtain items.my score = 20/50 not a good ftp game.
200 hours and nearly $100 in dlc and i'm left with a bitter taste in my mouth of what once was. the introduction of microtransactions brought, among many other things, the downfall of a great game. the community has devolved, promises were broken. shame on your overkill. shame. on. you.
would be great if i could actually get past the main menu. so many errors every time i try to join a server. any server.
enemies respawn the second they are off screen. what a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid idea. especially when health is limited you take down a guy that makes you use all of your health packs only to find out after you pass him you've hit a dead end and have to immediately fight this ♥♥♥♥ again. money well wasted on what could've been a great game, too bad it only takes one feature to ruin everything good about this.
suck never buy it why? read the followingi was banned for 7 days i just started playing and becuase i had a gay team they just kicked after pistol round cux i couldnt get a ♥♥♥♥ing kill nice ♥♥♥♥ this game never ever buy its its just a troll last got banned cuz some 1 told my fire grenade then they jump in it wtf omg
this game is horrible ok les seepros:1.lots of guns2.the building engine is awesome 3.butt naked4.funny5.if in a clan everything is finecons:1.pros have everything in the game2.most important game is not optimized they keep adding ♥♥♥♥♥ to game instead of optimizing the game i get 35fps in fallout 4 while recording but in this game i get 14fps while i am not recording and everything on low3.getting bp is hard you need to farm4.♥♥♥♥ed up developer i allready described in number 25.servers allways laging6.when u go to radtowns that their texture is white u will have fps drop if ur pc is like me u will get 2fps and if a 2500$ pc u get 20fps7.joining the game take alot of time or u spent 2500$ for a pc that the facepunch dev use so u join in les than a minute8.server useally kick your ♥♥♥ out without any reason (unresponsive,timedout,etc)9.there was singapore 2 and 1 so people from aus play on it but they removed it and ♥♥♥♥ed the ♥♥♥♥ up10.removed the pumpjack from the game atmsummery:if u have a simple pc by these specs 960m core i5 and 4gb ram this game will make a bad memory for you! or if u have a gaming pc well idk u can buy if u can handle that everything is for clans and pros
it's bad. i regret buying it. (note, includes african kingdoms and forgotten campaigns).the artwork put into the structurse in african kingdoms is truly a sight to behold... but that's really all the praise i have for it.based on age of kings- a game that sadly isn't as fun as i remembered; here are the reasons i hate this game. it's extremely buggy and prone to crashes. the interface and ai is shamefully bad  and the gameplay is really quite boring and annoying. expect units (yours and enemy alike) to get confused by simple orders and easily distracted from attacking an enemy unit to instead focus on a harmless nearby building or to put together a (pointless) formation.worst of all are the campaigns. 90% are escort missions with hardly any base-building parts (the whole point of age of empires games) at all. unlike other rtss, aok's combat dynamics are terrible. so you sit bored out of your mind as you guide your clumsy squad around an obstacle course where every "combat" situation involves your squad slowly chipping away at an enemy until they (eventually) win.
this game is outright awful. its major problem is that it is purely an rpg, merely with a fps perspective (and while rpgs typically boil down to stat designation to compensate for not having any gameplay- a fps game has no excuse, especially when other fps like farcry 3 mix rpg elements perfectly fine). -interface is clumsy-skills system is awful- instead of simply enhancing your proficiency or giving you new, handy abilities (like fc3), it simply unlocks arbitrary "xx minimum skill level required before you are allowed to do this task" restrictions. and the only way to level up is to hunt down hundreds of enemies, it seems. also, you get very poor information as to what leveling up otherwise does for you-weapons are clumsy and weak. a fake 'ironsights' mechanic doesn't help.-enemies are boring and scarce-exploration is a chore as everything is so far apart with no faster way of travelling to new areas than walking slowly to them-you want to avoid collecting items as they make you heavier, and you're not allowed to fast-travel for some reason, forcing you to open up your options menu and manually take out dozens of items until your weight gets back into the green-lots of bugs and glitches- game crashed a few times, and that part where the bad guy shoots the sheriff? apparently i was supposed to sit back and watch, as punching him causes the sheriff to shoot me instead, ignoring the other guy.-tutorials are obscene- typically fpss presume you already know how to walk and hit the 'e' key, but presume you don't know the more advanced mechanics like how 'stealing' works, karma works, is there a consequence for shooting drones or picking up too many objects, how radiation poisoning works. not this game, instead it spends 30 or so minutes dragging us through the obvious mechanics, and expects the player to figure the rest for themselves.i don't recommend even playing it. i wish i actually didn't.
total ♥♥♥♥ noone plays it anymore
♥♥♥♥ing cancerous russains
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game made it f2p because they are ready for it to die thats why you should never play a jagex game
6/10 not comfy enough
devs please!i don't need wings! i don't want to fly around and get ♥♥♥♥♥ by aeroflaks!basically, too many wings.-11 out of 10.robocraft is wing unbox simulator confirmed.plox, need more wep unbox.
how the hell they persuade ns and majesty bikes to come onboard with this? it's by far the most broken game i have ever made
there were alot of things i enjoyed about this game, story, hacking obsticals in the polices face, spiderbots of death, but the invasion system was not one of them, tedious, repeditive and always seem to occur at the worst times. you'll be steps away from capping a ctos tower after jump/climbing and hacking your way there only to get intruded and have to spend the next 20 mins trying to find who did it only to get a supprise rocket launcher to the face from the top of a carpark way off in the distance... then have to go back and start climbing again.there is an option in the menu to turn it off but it appears the button is about as usefull as man nipples because even with invasions turned off i still get my gameplay interupted by a bullet from the bushes.
free to play*
i tried i really-really did.i really want to like this game, it's beautiful, it's a great franchise but it just makes me sooo angry.  call me a ♥♥♥♥♥, tell me play it on easy, insist i creep around and take 30mins to get from one room to another, i just just don't care any more.the back-tracking, the lack of save points, i just don't know what it is but it makes me angry!!!  i'm deleting it now from my pc a second time and i tell you now, it's not getting a third chance.
absolutely demanding of your computer. while mine is not high end, it is entireley capable of running many a complex game such as spintires, gta v, watch_dogs. but something is very wrong here with the needs for this game to run smoothly, unless you have a powerful machine, don't buy.
an enginering game with all units in imperial?
i can't recomend this game yet. far to incomplete.will recomend when physics are working to playable level
not even gonna say bad
10/10 would kaya again
used to be goodthen got pretty popularnow its toxic af and i cant stand it
if you actually want to have fun whilst playing a game do not play this. if you want to throw your life away and get mad at really bad people play this.
greate concept but.. if i were able to play that game that would be amazing. the 1.4 hours i have in game is trubble shooting it to work. and i searched online for about 2 months for an answer to my problems and i have yet to find one. my compute specs are just above mimimume requirements and i still can't run it. i wish steam allowed my to refund the $89.99 that i wasted on this game before it was realised. i really like all the acu games before this game. atleast those games can run normally. hopefully the next game will be much better then this game.
i got this game in the humble bundle, i opened it up to be met with a cool entro when i clciked create a world there was a loading screen which took ages then i made my character then another loading screen then the game started my mouse didnt work for me this game is a broken mess but it only cost 12$ so im ok
1 mapplays like cricket
didn't live up to the enormous hype. didn't even live up to more conservative outlooks. marketing and even developer language was carefully chosen to paint a pretty picture but basically lies by omission. i don't want to hate nms but it's just not very good in ways that would have been easily fixable. truth is this game is too simplistic and there isn't much to it, but it's at the same time very fiddly. the exploration and planets don't make up for this and a lot of what you might have seen in the teaser trailers can't be found in-game. even the way the game itself was portrayed is different enough that it left me wondering why. on the plus side i did play it fairly obsessively for 15 hours but after that i got sick of doing the same thing over and over again. i jumped past five systems in a row without stopping out of sheer boredom. in the end i can't recommend it.
buggy piece of ♥♥♥♥. rockstar learnt nothing from their earlier releases. as much as it grieves me to say it, don't waste your money on this game. no matter what you imagined, you won't find what you're looking for here.
kind of crap. you choose a character and spawn at some kind of ship in an otherwise empty map. you can run around for a while and shoot but that's it. there's no enemies or anything. there's a thing at the top that says "ready up r" but who knows what that really means. there's no way to interact with it. maybe there's more to come? wasn't enjoying it anyway, i hope i didn't pay much for this as i don't even remember how it ended up in my library. entirely forgettable. oh yeah, it thinks it's an oculus rift game but all it does is apply distortion to a single full-screen camera view. you'll need to disable your hmd to play this... game. if that's what this is. probably just avoid this one as your life is precious and you shouldn't waste it on stupid, badly written games.
was told this is better than nms. it's not.
glad i didn't pay anything for this - but then, if i had maybe we could have spent some time playtesting this. couldn't get past the first red forcefield. boring as ♥♥♥♥ really. voice acting is weird and awkward. a lot of stuff made no sense and was just irritating. i wouldn't bother unless you feel the need to be disappointed.
wile the games graphics are is nice  though the game suffers from kinda boring puzzles at times super anoying vagenes  that   can be kinda of a pain  (( ei all holes but one are a death trap ))but over all  its a good story i   and  some of the flavour text and the few refeances were funny  but it was kinda rare  looks pretty though the problem is all summed up the game got to a really good bit the shortness of the campain and it ends were the games just getting interesting  so i  can't recommend you pay this wait till its finshed  also if theres only too parts and there so spaced out as not to give  dates  i think the game would work better split up as broken age part 1 and 2 and sold half price of the full product and i fell better recommending it as it stands there are better   games for the asking price
i had really been looking forwerd to this but i found  a glich that slowed down the game and metled eavry one i fixed the driver ishes its running fine faces are still melling not wantinng  to get full blone tenomancer here i have to give me revew here  so im giveing it 5 it made me laff the frst time it happend  drivers aside  i kind of expeact a game well to be playable  with out pulling up the hood and going to ytube for advice that my or may not fix it i pay you money you give me a land of non melting pepole and thigs  that fall down wen shot at
ya i think with this one the words  pc master race only  come to midit needs a lot of power knloalge i ran a lap top and it felt like it atavaly hate me  a good of how to play thses  kinds of games and a lol of   patience as it crashes and the carma seems to acat werid   this game is to big heavy and not frendly to enny one not in the pc master race ad its a shame it looked like a grate game i recomend if the makers of this game plan to make more make a lighter vearson that loses the part  were you get to play as a dragon  as i found it   a inposable to eaven  to  work on my lap top
this game sucks. seriously. don't buy it.
they want me to pay $60 for an expansion thats features should have already been in the base game that i payed $60 for
crashes on launch can't refund
i've played this game for 1.1 hours, and it was filled with hackers, cheaters and other morons who do not know how to play, so instead they give themselves some assistance. the optimisation was okay but needed some serious work. better cheat detection and optimisation, and i might come back to this later.
like smoking half a gram of weed
should have aborted isaac, the little schitz
no
i would rather watch the new fantastic four movie while sliding a shard of glass up my d*ck hole than figure out how the f*ck to move a space ship. 0/10 - f*ck yourself
i got this game for free and it was still too expensive, it was kind of alright i guess but it was far too broken. zombies spawned far too much and the controls for the helicoper are so so so so ♥♥♥♥. the trailer and screenshots are so missleading, it looks like a great survival game but all i got was a failed left 4 dead with ♥♥♥♥ gamemodes.
este juego es una amalgama de cosas que han funcionado en otros shooters... pero sin llegar a cuajar. quiere tener ese componente de rol como en mass effect, pero no supone apenas ninguna diferencia cada una de las elecciones que tomamos en los diálogos.se le puede achacar que es un shooter pasillero, pero eso no sabría decir si es bueno o malo. en su día, todos los shooters lo fueron.hace un intento de mezclar la estrategia de xcom enemy unknow en un shooter, pero al final acaba ocurriendo que tanto recurrir al panel táctico ralentiza muchísimo la acción. ojo, la idea no es mala, pero no sé si habría otra manera de implementarlo. en pc, quizá, asignando teclas rápidas para determinadas habilidades de tus compañeros podría haberse hecho un poco menos pesado.no es un juego que recomiende especialmente. da la sensación muchas veces de que no esté terminado. gráficamente tiene poco lustre.en cuanto a la historia. está interesante, hasta empieza a importarles bien poco a los guionistas, y lo único que quieren es que mates y remates aliens.
disclaimer: i have been told that there is a way around the bug which was the main reason for me disliking the game. personally i have not given this a try, but if you are experiencing pathfinding issues play the game at normal speed.the game seemed interesting however whenever i sent my people to go and do anything i would have constant pathing issues. the people would run back and forth on the spot which meant that it took much longer for me to do anything as my people wouldn't respond. the worst case of this was in a battle, i tried getting them into towers however they just kept running back and forth instead of garrisoning the towers leading to me losing most of my defences. until this bug is fixed it is a definite no go for me even for a dollar as it was unplayable.
this is not a game, it is more of a lifeless pile of ♥♥♥♥ that everyone avoids on the side walk. in other words there is a reason as to why you should avoid it. this game is not complete no matter what they say. half the features they promised have never happened and never will. if you're looking for fun do not even think of this game, because you're honestly better off playing with a plastic bag full of ♥♥♥♥, you would at least get some sense of suspense from that.
"yes"....
yup its prety gayyyyyyyyyyyy
it gets boring after 10 mins :(
so terribly unbalanced it's barley even playable.
i can't even find any animals in this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it
good game, awful developers.
great game, too short, not currently worth imo, free dlc please
it's a great game, and the ships really handle as i had expected them to.only one problem.no australian servers.it would be nice if we existed to other countries. one or two servers would be fine and awesome, but having none just makes me sad. i don't understand how us, eu and asia all have 4 - 5 servers each, but there are no aussie servers.which means lag, lag and more lag for us kangaroos.so while in any other circumstance i would be most wholeheartedly recommending this game, the lack of australian servers disallows me to see a reason to.i mean, seriously! you're disadvantaging like 10 people! that's 10 people too many! :(
good companies support their customers.bad companies take the money and run.the people that made this game? even hitler looks at this poor disgrace of an extortion attempt and goes;"dude."
0/10 game doesn't even load, i've tried reinstalling, validating, ending all other programs that are running until it'd down to just the basic stuff to allow the computer to run and all the ♥♥♥♥ing game does is load to the splash screen, maxes out the cpu usage and crashes to desktop. literally the least optimised piece of ♥♥♥♥ game i've ever played and i've played games that required specific procedure to get to run.
t_______t                           free seriusly?? ibuy for 7,99 :(¡-----------¡------¡----- ¡-------------¡-------------
achei legal...mesmo sendo dificil...pra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...passar da...quarta noite...demorei um ano mas...                                                                                                                                              termino o                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          comentario agora
if you're fan of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games... this game is for youthis game has tanked my fps on its lowest setting... like wtfwith melee weapons, every strike is a slow heavy attackhits dont interupt enemysmonsters inc is like the exocist compared to thisi payed 99 cents for this game and i still think i still think its a rip off
here in my garage, just bought this uh new lamborghini here.
that's it. the dumbest game ever.
purchased game on sale. installed game. hit play, pc completely shut down. ok, rebooted it. verifiyed game, run game, click play, pc shut down. uninstall, request for a refund. i'm not one to take any game that shuts down my pc automatically. valuble data can be lost that way and it can screw up my system. i have more than the required specs to run this game, with ease. os name:	microsoft windows 7 home premiumversion:	   6.1.7601 service pack 1 build 7601system model: gateway	fx6860	system type:	x64-based pc	processor: 	intel(r) core(tm) i7-2600 cpu @ 3.40ghz, 3401 mhz, 4 core(s), 8 logical processor(s)turbo boost & hyperthreading8 gb ddr3 ram  (expandable to 32.0 gib)msi r9 270 series gddr5 2gbvramamd 14.12 driversmonitor: aoc 20" 1600 x 900  16:9purchase it if you want to but, i can't recommend this game to anyone. the developers have already stated that this game is of no priority to them so, that speaks for itself.
pure garbage. players that are impossible to kill. insta-respawn in the same spot to get revenge if you kill them. total garbage. uninstalling this piece of ♥♥♥♥. good thing i didn't have to pay for it. no na servers, all ru & eu.
.
garbage. ai wins all the time. i get the lead, finish 4th. pure garbage. i've had better ford racing games than this one. this is is sh!t.
garbage is all i can say for it. totally worthless game. uninstalled and requesting a refund now.
if anyone downloads it now or get warz/iss i will hunt you down
the dev's of the game are so lazy that they let hackers into the game from time to time just for the fun of it.
dont download not worth it
aver para mi antes de optimizar este juego decidieron pasarselo por el ****
overloaded with dlc and now microtransactions. save your money and spend it on something worth it
i was really looking forward to getting this game but every time it loads a game i get a notification saying my graphics card stopped working wtf.not recommended if you have a lower end graphics card.
when it first came out i really enjoyed it, but thats before it went pay2win. now you have to buy infinite to even unlock new equipment. fuqen piece o' s.hit
it sucks
if u play bo3 or any call of duty dont play dis game
too repetitive and gets really boring, definitely not worth it above $20.
look this game is no where near the requirements it sais it needs. it is terribly optimised and was no where near the specs i could play. i dont recommend it the gameplay is good. but i can't run it cos they ♥♥♥♥en lied to me.
honestly i have barely anytime on this game because after recruiting about 6 pirates i got bored. its setup to have the same thing everywhere, its not interesting like its previous games terraria and starbound, there are many bugs and there is no base story and nothing to do. just beat 4 bosses its so godamn boring that i cried knowing i spent $10 on this terrible game. people get off this page and find a better $10 game example killing floor or garry's mod something actually bareable
sinceramente, el cs global offensive no me gustó. es idéntico al 1.6, solo que con mejores gráficos, y nuevos mapas. poca variedad de armas, no me gusta el sistema de combate.al que le gusta el 1.6, le tiene que gustar este, pero no es mi caso.
hace 3 años que salió el juego y lo compré, y siguen si hacer avances significativos, nunca pasó a beta el juego.es cierto, disfrute mucho jugando este juego, pero sufriendo con muchísimos bugs. parece que a los desarrolladores les importa un carajo el juego, solo juntaron la guita y dejaron de sacar actualizaciones seguidas. cada 3 meses con suerte llega una actualización, que solamente trae items de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ y un par de boludeces, pero siguen sin optimizar el juego, no es normal tener un i5, 8 gb de ram, buena placa de video y tener que jugar el juego con gráficos bajos.al que le sobre la plata y le chupe los dos huevos gastarla, que se compre el juego, pero el que tiene dudas, no lo haga.hasta que los desarrolladores no se pongan las pilas, no recomiendo este juego.
solo tengo una palabra para este juego, asco; es malísima la jugabilidad, los combates, horrible. solo hay tres servidores latinoamericanos. y mucho más que no tengo ganas de escribir.gasté guita al pedo.
having login problems
1/10 got turned into a rabbit
the weirdest name and controls for a game
looks good:isn't actually good:
can carry a thermal drill, can only carry one painting at a time 10/10
apparently somebody did the cinnamon challenge with my grandad's ashes.no actually this game is garbage. free to download. not free to play. i'd recommend thehunter primal over this trash
i tried to give this game a chance. i had to look past the missing features, terrible fps and general negativity. the game was overhyped, i was excited at the fact that i could travel through space and visit "almost infinite worlds" but honestly it was just mine, mine, fuel up your ship and life support so you don't die and mine again. i've learnt my lesson, never get overhyped or preorder games. i would not recommend this game if you expect to do a lot but if you're fine with exploring the same planets and mining, go ahead.
i wish i could of played this... but it keeps crashing when i try to "reconnect'.
it failed me on one of the first few missions because i wasn't pressing w fast enough... apparently. after a brief moment of playing, i feel ill from playing it. too much is happening in it and none of it is good.
♥♥♥♥ing developer abandoned it to make some other bloody game. the game itself is fun, has alot of replayability value, lots of explosions and gore. if you don't mind playing a abandoned game you can buy this (it also has alot of mods).(i got like 300+ hours on a pirated b27 version.)
died after september 2015, we get these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations with ♥♥♥♥ing wires that causes lag, an overpowered revolver, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rank system update:win 8 times = no rank uplose 1 match = derankthey got time to add in these gloves and cases but no time to optimize the game, with every increasing update the game runs slowerrest in peace csgo 2012-2015, ♥♥♥♥ you valve
horrible game, running is like walking, walking speed is even worse, combat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, fov is zoomed in way to far and no way of changing it. walking dead? but they can walk at a jogging speed which is faster than your run! 2/10, game should be valued at about $1
1000+ postition
fun but it just feels kinda classic to me and not really anything that specialand my one question is:since its spiral knights,why are there guns in this game?maybe im a tf2 players thats why but seriously man,kinda lame to me
the culling. a last man standing multiplayer deathmatch game with survival elements (basic crafting, looting, basic resource gathering). it's a battle royale-esque game (though more like the condemned imo), that takes place inside a dome with 16 contestants and up to 25 minute rounds.the game itself has a good concept but overall it feels quite cheap.the melee combat system uses a rock, paper, scissors mechanism consisting of attack, block & shove. the balancing with the system is fine imo, no complaints here. (shoving briefly staggers the opponent or 'defeats' their block for those wondering.)the system is quite clunky in its current state though. seeing as melee combat is essentially the main aspect of the game, it is quite disappointing. the feedback when you land a blow or get struck isn't great either. rust has better melee feedback (& that isn't saying much).add bad netcode and high latency servers on top of that and it just feels very sloppy. (aws cloud servers btw.. horrible for real-time/twitch games. i hope they eventually move to proper dedicated servers!)i understand it's in early access, but compared to the other early access games i've played, this is lacking. i really wanted to like this game but the basic elements that make up the core gameplay have been ...i wouldn't say poorly but rather, crudely executed.honestly, i would probably come back to this game sometime in the future once more time has been spent developing the core mechanics. i see a promising future ahead for this game as long as they iron out the kinks and continue working on and improving the current foundations of the game, but i don't see that happening for at least another 6+ months so that's why i cannot recommend the game at this point in time.
this will be the  number one game if it have more competitive things
i want a refund for the game but i cant get one
no just no. i know my playtime on this is short but thats only how long it took me to find issuses with this game
burn is hell you dlc pushing bastereds. i loved you and you do this? what did we do to make you into such an evil? almir look in the mirror and think about who you are now and what u did to get there cos u are hirting it...us the comminuty
teslagrad is neat little game with a fantastic asthetic but unfortunately mediocre.it functions unremarkably as a puzzle game with only a handful mechanics to explore with the real strength lying in the story telling, but is this enough? the game treads too close to the likes of braid and limbo in which the lore of the world and the characters is explained in the world but the puzzle solving isn't satisfying and the mythos isn't interesting to carry you along. boss fights border on tedious (notably, the final boss) and many puzzles kill the player if you fail. this isn't an issue in itself but it makes the turn over for retrying more tiresome then it should be as it is not instantious.it's worth playing if you can get it for less then $5 but it's nothing to write home about.
nothing like the original
♥♥♥♥1ng ♥♥♥♥
esta en la ♥♥♥♥♥♥ :(
i'm not sure what it is but it felt so rushed, so untied and not very well polished as a game. the mechanics were a bit... meh and the whole story was ♥♥♥♥♥! i wouldn't pay more than $20 for this... and i did!! gross. want my money back tbh...if you want to play a sneak game with an amazing gameplay and story played dishonoured. not this!
intersting at first flaud every other time i can not seem to join a online game and i dont like how no matter how long i wait or plan a kill i can still get caught for some dumb ♥♥♥ reason
hello?....hello? is anybody there....no okay im gone
low spec not play!!! am use gt730 in 9-10fps plz who know my computer low spec not play is bad plz read my review sun
slowlife to load in game
bad
absolutely appauled. not only is the driving disgusting, and delayed but the fact that i was half way through the game and also had collected alot of the game's collectibles and done alot of the side quests and then had all this go to ♥♥♥♥ because of the game deciding to blue screen my entire computer and then corrupt my save file. if this wasn't bad enough, ubisoft's pointless bloatware of a launcher which claims to 'synchronize my saves and achievements with the cloud' couldn't locate my save file.the rumors were also true, this game is optimised for nvidia cards. i've got an amd r9 270 which can play the game on ultra, although the fps lag was horrible. i'd be shooting, driving, or even just strolling, and the game would just lock up my entire computer for about 2-5 seconds. you'd think that with an extra year to focus on this game they'd have looked at these bloody things.according to forums and steam's own user-reviews, other's are also having both of these problems.on a lighter note, the game's actual core, stealth, and hacking mechanics are pretty nice. but ubisoft really needs to get their ♥♥♥♥ together.
i've barely played 3 hours and just finished the first couple of missions where you've gotta go after vor or whatever. i killed him, and now can completely see this game is grind heavy. if i wanted to grind through a game, i'd go for a game with at least some open world features and maybe a tad bit of story like oh i dunno, wow. this game is just murder porn with half a story and a grind that's completely unaddictive. this game could be more, but really it's the same crap with no variation.
not good as ra2umm actually it sucks.
♥♥♥♥
for some reason it wont work
majority of people put how the bloke that made this was 17 and is in fact made by only one person. but that doesn't make it good. i had fun for a while (3 hours, the .5 was my mate) and then it just got dull and repetitive. scevenge for supplies, food, water. sure, it's got a fairly untouched design to it (still reminds me of roblox but without lego textures) but i'm still not too impressed. i guess this game just isnt for me5/10
este juego es caca en su forma mas pura    .........      no puedo matar ni saltar en esto y no es por lag porque no tengo lag en ninguno de mis juegos
i've only put about 77 minutes into this game. already, i am not having fun. training's a pain to work with (don't get me started on air control; please, don't), no bots for faux-single player matches, a complete absence of australian servers and a really annoying announcer ruin what could've been an entertaining game.bear in mind, i don't think the game sucks. it's just not for me.
this game is a great idea made by bad developers. spent hours getting my character looted only to be killed by someone with a wooden shank with god mode. hopefully developers can fix this and i would buy it again.
this is the game that killed one of the best strategy game series of all time
don't buy this game. played it at alpha lots of bugs. i now play it and i crashes for me and my frends all the time!this game would be fun if it worked,  but it does not.
ok so far this games solo play is fun and done well. but! wtf is with the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ dlc bs going on here!? i have all the dlc bought, installed and yet the game tells me to restart the game to make them actually work...i have restarted this game like 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times now and they still don't work! i tried restarting my pc and then playing the game but still no luck ♥♥♥♥ you rock star!
ooooooooooooooooo a minecraft clone how original!!!!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥ me lets just get right into to the steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥pros:from the time i've played, not to many bugsfreelight on downloadscons:like i said, minecraft clonevery unoriginalconfusing as ♥♥♥♥p2buildno replay valuelooks ugly23/100
no
(joke review) if you hate video games you will also hate this game its unresponsive and the servers lag. oh wait this is the best game ever  (i really do recomend this game)
i was really hoping for a game like monster jam path of destruction.... not this trials rip-off. it also kinda felt like i was playing the moblie game of monster jam.the control that you have on the truck in arena mode was very wonky, which is a shame.3/10 wouldn't recommend to anyone that loved the console games
meh i dont know how to play
do not buy this game!!!! they still havent killed of windows live games and we all know that turned out! cmon codemasters
this game is one of the best games ive played, it is fun and the mechanics i absolutely love. but until the bugs are fixed and the game is actually playable this game deserves no new players. absolutely outrageuos that i cant play a single player match without the game crashing either instantly or a few turns in and in multiplayer i can never host or the same thing happens, many people have this problem and have had it for years, this game is complete trash and not worth a single cent until the developers get off their asses and give a ♥♥♥♥ about the community enough to fix game breaking problems before shipping out a new broken game in the series.
fistful fraqs is a old westurn fps running on the half life 2 engine with a small diverse range of weapons to choose ffrom and with varios gamemodes.the first few hours of gameplay was actually quite amusing and fun to play but that did not last long and got boring quite quickly. so i really wouldnt waste download data on this one. i give this 4.5/10 1ups
*** new update ***so after four months the game finally got an update, all it took was the game being pulled from sale on steam, seems very suspicious as the community was in uproar for months with no word from the dev jig then within two weeks of the game getting pulled from sale we suddenly get an update.as for the content, one new dinosaur which was already in the game files and unlocked by modders months ago, stampedes which consist of 30 dinosaurs running around eachother in circles instead of the normal one or two, a trap mechanic which is poorly implemented and a couple of value changes. i doubt the dev spent more than a couple hours on it.id hold out on any purchase of this game untill we get a steady steam of updates and a promise from the dev that they arnt going to just dissapear as soon as the money starts coming back in. the game has potential but i honestly don't know if the dev has the ability to finish it.***update***it's now been over two months, there have been 0 updates in that time, no ones heard anything from the devs and it turns out that the pr manager governor ostrich was a freelancer who's contract expired may 31st. no updates, no word from devs. stay clear
this game has potential. a lot of potential... but it needs a lot of balancing before it gets there. randomised dice rolls that you have to prioritise and manage make for a very interesting game and very fun. the character perks add a decent amount of customisation to the game as well. story is engaging, and the visuals are pretty good for a relativley simple setup.however, the random 'encounters' if you will, realy need to be tweaked. having 3 events that remove 2 health each and require 20+ points to address is an instant restart. or else watch your crewmen die in 1, maybe 2 turns.this game is fun enough to play, just dont expect any real progression until it has been balanced a lot more.also- cut scenes are not skipable with the mouse. mildly annoying, but dealable.good game to get on sale at the moment. otherwise... eh.
i purchased this game on the same basis that i think everybody did. i wanted to play a badass dinosaur game. before release primal carnage displayed the promise of intense gameplay, fun multiplayer, jaw dropping graphics and most importantly lots and lots of dinosaur carnage. for me, primal carnage did not deliver.pros:- great graphics.- some fun weapons.- cool dinos.cons:- horribly unbalanced; dinos will most often win.- performance issues.- wonky controls.- boring game modes and boring gameplay.although primal carnage can harbor some fun moments, overall the game feels unfinished. many balance, performance and gameplay fixes need to be made but it seems the developers have already abandoned their game with updates being few and far between. i would love to recommend this game because the idea of dinos vs humans is such a fun one but primal carnage executes it in a boring and sloppy manner. 5/10 don't even bother.
revision - since the start of development, overkill has repeatedly stated that they would not introduce micro-transactions to the game. well guess what! they have! the micro-transaction skins also give a stat boost, giving an unfair advantage to players that pay.upon payday: the heist's release it was hailed as one the best cooperative shooters/games in recent memory. the tight controls, intense firefights, brilliant music, interesting objectives and exciting teamplay all contributed to payday's warm reception. payday 2 takes everything the first game did, throws it in a mulcher and uses said mulch to top its own list commendations with even more refined, badass action. payday 2 expands on everything the first payday did right. gunplay, maps/objectives, customisation, controls and music are all revamped for payday 2 and with a large progression system, payday 2 can make for hours of fun. my score:if you liked payday: the heist, buy this immediately.if you think you might like payday 2, buy this immediately.8/10 pretty damn good.
game crashes ever 10 minintel 3770nvidia 660ti8 rm
love and hate this gamegame crash, screan go blank and buggy.playerble on only one choicelike game mechanics but felt it is unfinished.would recommend if it were finished
i wouldnt recommend this game, this game has bland gameplay and also has weird mechanics.youre likey to find a ada who abuses the pistols and makes the gameplay less enjoyable.if youre desperate to find a game whos like smash type game go fund youreself to buy roa.
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.should've been f2p and a flash game.
♥♥♥♥ing banned me for no reason."cheating h1z1" when i haven't even hacked this game in my lifegame is garabage, not worth 20$.ggwp m8s thnx for stealing 20$ from me.
battlefield - airsoftcod - paintballim so sick of the way you can't even one tap in call of duty. if you try slowly firing, your ♥♥♥♥ed, completely.cod is so fast paced, if you even decide to breathe before dying, well, we all know that's impossible, but your gonna get butt♥♥♥♥ed by a donkey with a 10 inch slanger.this game is ♥♥♥ cheeks, 10/10 would uninstall again..
remember this little gem? ahh 2013 was pretty...♥♥♥♥ed. i mean we sang a song about ♥♥♥♥ing foxes, now we have this?
5/10it has a nice premise but falls short of memorable.8 hours of gameplay give or take.would wait until on sale at best.
fix the crash on start up after new game intro scene bug! not worth it if you cant play it...
ily this gaimit's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good
gets a meh/10
payday 2 well its more or less csgo without the cs or the go now thanks to the new weapon skins
very much still an alpha build. i really hope that this improves before it's full release. i would be much happier with a graphics rehaul of rtc3 than what they have tried to do with rctw. please make it better and listen to our feedback.
fun, but not worth the full pricetag. wait til it's on sale.
i can't play the because of version mismatch wtf
i what my money back, i cant even run the game, my screen is just white whan i try to play
"free to walk"
people couldn't see overkill getting greedy a year ago with extreme amounts of dlc... microtransactions came into affect and everybody finally looses their ♥♥♥♥. i stopped playing this a couple of months after i bought it, because within that time, a ♥♥♥♥ load of dlc had been released which mean't that i had to drop another $10 a piece if i wanted to play the full game (though the prices did slowly go down over time)if you want to pay $130 for what should be now considered f2p standard because of the microtransaction paywall. go ahead.tip: never buy a game that has 27 paid dlc.seriously, i guarentee that they will make this free to play very soon... and by very soon, i mean within a months time.
dont buy it until it is in bloody beta... just wait around 4-10 years for that :)
this game is heaps of fun, but i cannot recommend it due to the fact that there is no grouping system for playing with your friends, the only way is to constantly join and leave lobbys until you find your friend. which means that games take forever to start from people leaving all the time.i would highly recommend this game if they can fix this with a grouping system.
that this game has (at the time of this review) more negative reviews than positive ones should tell you something. but that aside, from my own experience, i cannot recommend this game.i played for half an hour or so and found it really difficult if not impossible to make a profit on the goods i had. no matter what goods i bought, i could not sell them anywhere and end up with more money than i had before i started. between the random prices, getting robbed, travel expenses... there is no way you can make money. one could probably forgive this (and the lack of 16-bit graphics and the bugs) if it was just a matter of the learning curve, but with 16bit trader there is no learning curve. the game doesn't get better. it doesn't reward you for persevering. it's just broken and does not work as intended. do not buy this game. do not buy this game on sale. do not accept it in a trade. do not play this game even if you get it for free! that is how bad it is. not even for free.  if this was a free game, i would still tell you not to play it. but it isn't free. so save your $2.99 and spend it on a better game.
with horrible micro-transactions now added to the game, payday 2 is now an unbalanced, unfair, horrible game.
it's a great game... when it works.i've lost over over 400 days of premium due to bugs and glitches which prevented me from playing, with no compensation (not that i tried, i'm too lazy). the game used to crash on loading screens for a good 2 minutes, and by the time i got into the game i was either dead or the game had finished. including that bug, it's extremely hard for me to get into the game itself, it gives errors and everything.the anti-cheat system is probably worse than a potato..there are bugs which allow people invisible to you to kill you (this is a bug, not a glitch!), and another that allows people to shoot through the walls.the game is still in alpha, however surely these should have been fixed, instead off adding some missile launcher?if there weren't as many bugs, i'd love this game, however most of the time it's impossible for me to play.
worse than bad rats, it gives me a headache from dealing with its terrible physics engine, and the camera angles are frustrating as hell because sometimes without warning it will change on it's own and annoy the crap outta you. also, there's no tutorial, all you're told is 'here's a backpack, here's a leaf, collect tears (the players tears, mind you, because that's what this game wants from us, and oh boy, it has received)'.
seguinte,jogo farming simulator desde o 11(da serie existem o 2009,2011,2013,2015),sempre gostei no começo,vc tem q trabalhar muito e conseguir maquinario bom,dps q vc consegue isso pronto,acabou o jogo,e outra a giants(produtor do mesmo)nunca atualiza o game de graça,são sempre dlcs pagas,sobre o multiplayer só tenho uma coisa a dizer,um lixo,pior multiplayer de todos os jogos q ja joguei,não recomendo o jogo,por mais diversidade q ele tenha vc sempre irá fazer o msm(plantar pulverisar colher e vender) ¬¬
this game had potential to be an amazing open world sandbox, but instead everything that made starbound starbound has been removed and they made it into a story with progression, i liked starbound back in the beta when you could find tech in chests, like the bubble boost, where you could have tons of energy and there was 4 sectors, to travel to each one containing new and unique ore, this has all been removed and instead the only tech we get is boost jump and dash, now energy gets wasted fast and there's only one sector with most ore removed. 2 bosses have been removed and all the randomly generated weapons that where legendary and op have been removed, the rainbow cape and hood removed. this game has took a step backwards and sure they added ship upgrades and crew members but was it worth loosing all the cool ♥♥♥♥ the beta had to offer? please add a feature where we can play previous builds so i can play the beta again with all this stuff still in the game i don't like this story idea, it ruins the self progression and makes gameplay less fun as you've done everything by the time you finish the story and there's nothing left to do, starbound has turned into an rpg from a sandbox and i want to see it get turned back to what it was
this game is not a game you'd want to spend $10 on. if it ever goes on special, it's still a questionable game.so, this game was made a long time ago, which explains its quality. so, if you're into classic puzzles with little to no direction to the next part, sure, this is for ye.but if you're like me, and prefer the finer arts of "holmes vs. ripper", "holmes awakened" or "holmes: nemesis", than this is most certainly not for you.having said that, let's get straight into it.so, apparently your cousin wants you to solve her father's disappearance or something like that.sounds reasonable, until you find out watson will not be there to help you.immediately, i think one of two thoughts:- "lazy programmers want to save on character models"- "builds suspense with only one character"the main rant is the puzzles.a lot of the time, you will ask yourself "great, i've done that part. what now?"and a lot of the time, you will be bumbling around, searching desperately for clues, and then realising in the darkness was a cloth or related object you had to pick up.even the very first puzzle, i nearly gave up, because the puzzle itself was that hard to find.navigation is another weird aspect of the game. you click where there is a hand, and you go there.problem is, i find this restricts a lot of the playability. if i want to walk around a room, i have to find a place where i can go to, the screen changes and i have to shift my screen view to where i wanted to go initially.basically, really clunky navigation system. it gets better in "holmes & the silver earring", but much better in the later games.and sometimes navigation actually becomes a painful, recurring puzzle in itself. here's an excerpt of my thought process not far from the start of level 3:"okay, i've got 2 keys and there's 2 doors. hm, seems simple enough."*tries both keys for both doors. none work*"well, let's take a look around then for more keys..."*finds drawer, requiring 2 keys*"great, this must be where i put these keys"*tries both keys, fails*"fine, where is that last key..."*spends half an hour trying to get under a table*"okay, i've got 3 keys, and 2 i can use to open the drawer. sigh"*tries the 2 keys, drawer explodes and i lose the game*yeah, that death animation doesn't make me feel any better about playing the game.character development is barely present, since you only ever meet about 3 important characters in the game.a lot of indirect development is through the readings in the game, but it's just banter for the end explanation.sometimes useful for solving puzzles, though.interface is awful. i mean, no hotkeys? come on. i guess for a game of its age, maybe acceptable.but still, i do want to read my clues while in a puzzle.and the voice acting for holmes sounds like "an american with his nose blocked". maybe it was intended?so, is there anything remotely good about it, in my books?well, the whiskey object looks like a cheap jack daniel's bottle from google images.but, i will say the most fun part about the game is going into the steam files and changing some of the printed dialogue to make holmes say silly things. it's a text file called 'msg' or something related to 'messages'.so you can make holmes say "ah, nuts. another lousy puzzle" or "watson! i need you! *sobs*". good times.overall, i can only give it a 4/10. weak, but if you dig this kind of game style, good for you.but it was certainly the worst waste of 10 hours of my time so far.
this is a really really good game and it should be given out for free because everyone should witness its greatness.
do you like button mashing as a game mechanic? if so, you'll still not like this game, because you'll break your fingers.
only cheaters, and the game have like 24 servers for any mode and just use 2/3 sometimes 1
this game is glitchy if you paste stuff in chat it lags
the fps is the problemo here.
i bought this game 9/22/2014 and yet it does not work. so for all the byers of this game dont your going to lose your money .
gone! its all gooone! aaall of its gone bye bye woo hoo see ya! one minute you're defending the whole galaxy, and suddenly you find yourself spending an entire dollar on some game you thought looked ok,  but turned out to be so bad the refunding system decided to completely curl over and not let me have my money back, as if they didn't know who was demanding a refund. don't they get it? do they see the hat? i. am mrs. nesbitt. gud gaim ign 10/10 wood pleh agin
how does the steam refunding system work?
it doe's not work with my machine probly it wont go full screen and it wants me to use a numpad wen my keyboard does not have one and works of all there is an option to fix all thies problems but when i try and activate then it does not workmy machine is a macbook pro with no numpad :(the game runs fin on my mac because it is cutom build with gaming freatures and the game just does not like that!
hack, slash, loot, or "hsl", looks charming at first with it's retro-style pixel art... until you realize that the gameplay is even more primitive. it is not an understatement to say that everything in this game either comes down to little more than random chance and comparing numbers. combat is completely limited to clicking on an enemy until they die. that's it. no special moves, no abilities, no changing gear, nothing. sure, depending on your weapon you either use melee, ranged or magic attacks, but unless you're fighting near a weapon drop you can't change on the fly, plus your character will usually specialize in one type so there' very little reason to change unless you get very skewed consumable drops (more on that later). at best you can try to bottleneck enemies in doorways or tight coriidors to fight them one by one, or run away and hope you find something useful before you get surrounded, but that barely qualifies as "strategy". and even then, you still have to hope that rngesus is smiling down upon you. the item system is almost as primitive. most of the time, it feels less like you are trying to decide which weapon or piece of armor to equip, and more like you're just comparing numbers (although special damage types such as the stunning lighting do make things a little more interesting) as for consumables, you never know if a potion or w/e will help and/or hinder you, meaning once again it's entirely up to luck rather than any sort of choice or strategy if it help you.oh, and there's no save system. at all.all in all, this game had a lot of potential, but instead the gameplay is comparable to banging your head against a wall while comparing helmets and popping pills that "might" make it hurt less. what this game needed was something, anything that might have made the gameplay more complex than dice rolling: abilities/items to use in a pinch, swapping around weapons, etc etc: anything that would make success less dependant on how lucky you are. if you're at all thinking of picking up this title anyway, i highly recommend buying another game called one-way heroics instead, which in a nutshell is practically like this game with the improvements i just suggested, and at only somewhat more than half the price.
i really wanted to like this game, what with being a huge fan of the origianl, but i found myself screaming at the stupidity of the a.i. way too much to find this game entertaining past the first few levels. and since the only way to have any sort of control over the units is to plant reward signs over objectives, having competent a.i. is important, and yet paradox managed to make the the "heroes" even dumber, greedier and shortsighted than in the original. yes, i said greedier: finding yourself wasting thousands of gold on glass cannon wizards because they repeatedly get tunnel vision and attempt to run past hordes of enemies for a pitiful bounty, only to act surprised when they're brutally mobbed, is nothing short of infuriating. other times, heroes will ignore their homes being burnt to the ground because they're too busy buying new armor (and yes, in the original, they were capable of noticing when their home buildings were being attacked) or attempt to take on targets way above their league.trial and error is a huge part of this game, which shouldn't be the case. take the forth mission: i wouldn't have a problem with a massive dragon coming almost instantly to wreck havok to set the stage, but half the time it starts by immediately burning the buildings i just built to the ground, wasting huge amounts of my precious resources. and this was after the narrator told me "be careful not to alert the dragon, or he'll attack you before you're prepared"... which turns out is complete misinformation because the brute comes after you immediately no matter what.get the original. don't touch this garbage.
however, the combination of sloppy design and unrewarding gameplay quickly dissolved what enjoyment i was deriving from the otherwise gorgeous art style.problems arise the moment you press a directional key to shoot your fireball projectles. hit detection is unreliable, your range is rubbish and the sound for smacking an enemy in the face is almost exactly the same as your projectile puttering out fight in front of them: i found myself firing at a boss thinking "boy, this guy is really soaking up the hits" only to realize that half of my shots are either landing harmlessly in front of him or striking/passing through a section that apparently doesn't take damage (and no, we're not talking about bosses who can only be hurt in one vulnerable section). and don't get me started on the fast, unpredictable bosses who are hard enough to hit without the crazy amounts of shots they fire out.enemy/room balancing leaves a lot to be desired. the game uses a "lighting" mechanic which makes it hard to see very far: a nice gimmick, but incredibly annoying when faced with enemies with extremely fast projectiles that come with no warning in huge rooms, or traps that spring when you come vaguely close. the props dealt about rooms lends some aethetic charm, but at times are difficult to predict whether they'll block movement or projectles. my main bugbear are certain enemies that fire slow moving clouds in your general direction. doesn't sound too bad? wait until there's four of them in a tight room, and they're all huddled away in hidey holes that can only be shot at from one direction (which you can't reach because the clouds chase you away while your aforementioned rubbish range can't hit them), and there's an extra enemy who's raining down chairs so you can't even stand in the sweet spots for two seconds.i like hard games. i don't like games that get their difficulty from tedious play and horrible controls. i want to fail for reasons that are my fault, not because i didn't want to spend two minutes in one room taking potshot at those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ entrenched smog ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, or because i couldn't tell all my shots were missing because there's no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ audio/visual difference between hitting and missing something, or because the game wants to be a bullet hell without polished, reliable mechanics.and to think some people accuse this game of being a binding of isaac ripoff. if only that were true...
better than gta v10/10edit:however, like gta v, this game now has microtransactions. game=ruined
screw you kabam
no.after so many patches of update there is still ♥♥♥♥ ton of bugs.
problem: the background is just black, i can't see my character, my weapon of choice and the enviroment in-game. have tried changing options and restarting but doesn't seem to do anything. help!
เกมเหี้ยบัคเยอะชิบหายไอสัสซื้อมาเสียดายตังไอแม่เย็ดกูจะชนะอยู่แล้วแค่วิ่งออกไปเสือกติดบัคเทเลพอร์ตออกมาจากประตูตายฟรีเลยไอเหี้ยบัคภารกิจอีกอย่างทำเสร็จไม่ได้แต้มแถมภารกิจก็ไม่หายไปพออกเกมแล้วตัวเกมไม่ค่อยเซฟเลเวลให้อีกไอแม่เย็ดหงุดหงิดชิบหายคืนตังได้กูคืนไปแล้วควย
'no microtransations....'gives microtransations with terrible skins copied from csgo,ggwp overkill.
here is the kind of people you will meet in this game:15% of"omg i dun liek u so i dun do anything" this kind of people is terrible to play with,and when you try to kick him,his friends will vote no.35% normal playersthis kind of people are kind and will help you throughout the match.5% rich playersthe guy that have crap load of good items and inventory full of skins10% scurbsthe guy that only use rekt9(tec-9)/p90/aug/sg553/gay gun(auto snipers)5% mic spammerthe guy who use his mic all the time to spam music/squeak.some have terrible mic quality that will make your ears bleed too!20% smurfsaka the guy who can't play on his rank and need to use another account to "rekt" newbies and have "fun"9% cheaters/hackersthe guy who use hacks such as spinbot,triggerbot,wallhacks...1% other players that is not on the list.before you say i got ~100 hours on the game,the reason is that the matchmaking cooldown sucks.you will sometimes meet cancerous team who do worse than a unranked player.
sve ya monye gz not wrth ite.
rust is just another 'survival' game. not worth at all. if you want to be able to craft everything in 20 minutes and then do nothing then play this. if you want a survival game where you actually have to build properly, craft properly, fight properly then you shouldn't get this.
sign in could not be completed. gee thanks!
this game runs fine on my gaming pc but then again, it is pretty overkill and i still get some framerate drops. so it can run good for me but what about all the people with problems? my friend has such an overkill gaming pc yet it won't even boot the game, he has tried so many fixes.i also own the game on console but it just doesnt seem like cod, black ops ii was 1000000x better.prosgraphicsconseverything else really :/so there, thats my honest opinion on this game.
as somebody that ride mtb with the closest downhill track being ages away this seemed like a good game. boy was i wrong the controls in the game were clunky and at time unresponsive. i understand that this game is early in its life but come on not including sound when riding the bike! that is something that should have been added in a beta at least. i didn't play the game enough to get a feel for the store or all the levels but that isn't going to change the review as these can't change the game core physics unless the different bikes change how you ride(only would change it a bit).  if you want to ride a mtb start small this game is doing it no justice go out to your local trail have some fun with some friends no matter your ability there is something for you to do. i may take another look at this game again in the future if they do a physics overhaul but until then im keeping the money that i refunded from this game and spending it hopefully on something better (can't stuff up two times in a row ;)  )   tl;dr : core of game didn't work as expected, got refund. from mtb rider
doesn't work; crashes after the into."but they will patch that"i'm reviewing what i'm giving is what i'm handed and that copy doesn't work.
xp system is a bad idea. so bad. somehow everyone seems to be saying this, but the developer doesn't wanna fix this?
the multiplayer mode tends to drop players and the saved games for multiplayer do not load as well.
so many problems with this game
forever in early access
the new mechanics are ♥♥♥♥
your ranking systme is messed up , i won 2 games and i got deranked . please fix it and stop taking cash and putting up some weird ♥♥♥ updates .
i once was a good man, who believed in justice and would forgive people for their mistakes...not with this ♥♥♥♥ game!i was a young adult, 19 i was. having had a good weekend so far it would all change on the last day of the weekend. saturday, waking up feeling good because there isn't much to worry about in life because you've woken up knowing that you don't have to do ♥♥♥♥ till sunday. aura kingdom had been completed for me, i was patience...initial download one hour...very good...then came the launcher...with it...came the most slowest update i've had since learning how the pluto wasn't a planet anymore during age 13. 6 whole hours i stared, 6 whole hours i waited...but it was k...i was patience. i got into the game and oh boy was it worth the wait. my world was open when i saw the nice models of characters, the diverse customization, the ranges of class and its clear explanation on how each class works...then came the hard part...i had to choose between a unicorn or a dragon...it broke my heart to only have to choose one...so i choose the pink slyph cause i do wa i wan. i started playing the game...loved the combat...loved how a fat man only has to click the quest and it moves you there...loved how every hour the server would freeze and be ok again...for 4 hours i used the auto route...for 4 hours i trekked throught the world of the game called aura kingdom...i was a happy man...so i took a break...played a couple of moba games...finished them...but then everything changed. it was now the last day of the weekend, i go back to the game...only to find that my happiness was a lie...the launcher...would not launch the game...my 4 hours had been a lie. i wanted answers so i went to the main website...it was down...for an hour already...i couldn't get back on and make those 4 hours i spent on it even longer...why you do this game.moral of the story: ♥♥♥♥ game
no se que pasaa tengo un cryptic error alguien me dice como repararlo no e podido disfrutar el juego
primeira mente o jogo e caro pra k4ralho,alem de so ter hack muito pay to wim e siceramente se vc for comprar cs go ponha cash em pb ou ou warface
lol é bem melhor
mds to fazendo outra analise de jogo mais blz ne bora la... chi.. chi.. quem sabe ler sa♥♥♥♥♥ primeira mente eu comprei um jogo de 40 reau pra un jogo bosta desse jogabalidade horrivel quando vc entra no game vc n entende nada leva um pau pra esses fdp sem vida social q nem eu comm 500 horas em cada jogo com autus armas q 1 hit mata e vc com uma adaga de ferro do skyrim q precisa dar sei la umas 90000 hits pra dar 1 de dano,e ainda esses merdas de norte americano rico da pourra q compra qualquer item overpower por 1 dolar e ainda fica zuando a gente de macaco, e aqueles server br pqp ninguem aguenta fica nesses server ngm te respeita msm se vc for adm os cara ainda vai alopra vc e sua familia e ainda te zua de nub.nova analise :d selo do joaozinho
um jogo tesudo q pode cria a dilma com os peito do tamanho de uma melancia e fazer a  hatsune miku com a roupa menor da kitana pra bronheiro de hentai e pra quem n tem vida social q nem eu,e dps de vc criar seu personagem de 30 mim vc começa a jogar com um tutorial do tamanho da minha rola(gigante) e ainda ter que ficar escutando uns ♥♥♥♥♥ de "amigo" q so q te levar pra cama por todo o game e alem disso ser comido por esses merdas de alienigenas q tem um dano do krl q so e ativa cheat de full life mata,alem de ter mais missao secundaria doq skyrim e perder 200 horas da sua vida ao inves de sarrar numa novinha do grau
primeiramente um jogo de 2007,um ano lixhu pra krl e alem disso os graficos parece de atari mds que lixhu e pior que minecraft,e como todos os jogos que eu ja fiz analise,sempre todos são paytowim e um dos piores jogos que eu ja joguei na minha vida eu nao jogo nunca mais alem disso nem joguei muito e ja vi que ele e uma ♥♥♥♥♥,voltando pro paytowim nao existe um hat(hapeu) que nao seja de dinheiro real as armas que eram pra ser livres,naaaaaaaaao essa bosta e cara pra krl e dificil que so o kct pra pega,cheio de hackers pra te ♥♥♥♥♥ e ainda e protegido pela horrivel e odiada vac que vc nao pode nem colocar uma wall de levis que vc e banido,me explica pra que isso?e tambem muitas poucas classes para escolher sem alternativa,e armas horriveis enquanto os novatos levam no cu por causa do dinheiro dos ricos,a favricaçao e impossivel vc gasta 500 itens praticamente pra faze  um item bosta que nao custa mais doq 0,1 centavo de reaul nem e de dolar e por isso nao recomendo nem um pouco desse game lixhu com jogabilidade lixchu e um paytowim lixhu
blz to aki dnv nessa m3rda de analisar jogos pq meus baba ovo n para de me pedir so pq joguei 1 vez,primeiramente ao inves dessa stem pota promoçao de 90% em jogo de 50 centavo pq ela n coloca em um jogo m3rda desse de 50 reau ne? primeiro so tem 2 variaçao de cor laranja e azul uma ♥♥♥♥♥ n da pra personaliza o carro sem dlc pq e mt pay to win tds as dlc aumenta velocidade altura e etc deixando overpower pra krl pra quem e rico,e pra quem e pobre q nem eu q trabalha 10 horas no mc donalts e n tem tempo nem pra joga eu lolzim se fode,a jogabilidade e tipo -10/10 um lixo parece q me contrataram por 2kk de dolar pra eu caga em cima do teclado e ainda fazer uma camera parecendo q vc gira mais rapido e a outra camera sempre olhando pro ceu pq a fisica desse jogo e tao espetacular q um carro da hotwheels bate em uma bola do dobro do tamanha e bom era pra ser q a bola so se mechese um pouco porém a bola avoa q nem meu pau no c.u de quem criou esse jogo e alem dessas merdas ainda tem os sons e musicas q parece q os sons e eu arrotando e peidando ao msm tempo e as musicas baixou pirata em pessima qualidade.selo repovado por joaozinho
outra analise no msm dia,primeira mente se alguem for falar q skyrim e um jogo bom e q eu joguei pau no ceu brioco so tenho 200 horas pq isso e uma ♥♥♥♥♥ e cada dia eu do risada com uma hitoria ♥♥♥♥♥ de um cara nasce de um dragão como pode isso a bethesda deve ter fumado 100 kg de crack estrago cada um dos funcionario e dp se intubio de hidromel pq mds como alguem joga essa ♥♥♥♥♥ vc e um ♥♥♥♥♥ do jogo pode ter 500 horas so em 1 save ajudado td mundo mas msm assim as pessoas te xingam e ignoram seriamente queria rembolsar esta ♥♥♥♥♥ mas como to com 200 horas sem vida social nesta ♥♥♥♥♥ n pode,pq agr alguem consegue experimentar um jogo em 2 horas ne steam claro pra eu sabe msm o jogo deveria ser 17 anos sem sair de casa e eles ainda deveriam te dar mais dinheiro doq vc pagou,pq vc trabalha q so o krl pra gasta em um site q so tem jogo ♥♥♥♥♥ e ainda o dinheiro nem vai pra sua conta bancaria pra ve se vc ganha uma vida social,na moral to sem pau e sem namorada porcausa desse ♥♥♥♥♥ desse site se vc for jogar skyrim primeiro lembrese q vc vai vicia em skyrim pra fazer missao secundaria pq primaria tem 2 so e secundaria 870 pra cada npc msm os em nick(ex:bandido) avisando dnv,jogo bosta td fumado mal otimizado lixo sem historia e viciante q nem lolzinho
meh
dont be fooled by the cheapness of the game. believe me its not worth the 1 dollar and gb on your computer. people are reviewing this game poorly for a reason and no amount of percentage off the $15 price is going to make it anymore value for money.the game feels like a mod, not an actually game made by a company. play killing floor, as its much more ahead of the genre then this game is.
good concept, poorly designed.
it was fun... not anymore... not unless you love a "fair battle rating" system which pairs up prop planes versus jet planes...but i keep coming back to it... wierd...
wanna know what is ♥♥♥♥?this game. don't install it. leave this store page now.
the game looked great and the reviews said it was... wrong! the idea is absolutely amazing, but is gone horribly bad. the thing is that when you try to play you just don't find servers or people who to play with and you have to play with the bots, which is pretty anoying. now, the free2play version (the not premium one) acts almost like a demo, you have to purchase the premium version becuase if not, you can't do almost anything to your tank. and side note, i play with an xbox controller, and the sensitivity of the joystick is f**cked up! i barely touch it and the turrent stars to spin crazy-fast.in short words: very cool idea, but horribly bad game.
stop trying to find a reason not to buy this game! buy it!
salt with friends.
♥♥♥♥ig racist game im done with the toxic players
ok game but could be better
bought this today tried to play dayz get message global banned umm wtf i just bought this!!!! im taking these ♥♥♥♥ers to cort!
freakin trerrible overdramatic/over sensitive crashescant steer left or right while brakingunnesessary delay for auto reverse and rentering first gear *makes game unplayable those extra 10 seconds <--- wish i was joking mean the diff between winning and losing. 1.2/10graphic wise its "ok" with the expansions.again many more issues you can see for yourself.number rating: 1.2/10 worded rating: bull-sh it
 the game this game was a fun and well balanced alternative to supreme commander, and i might recommend it to anyone looking for something like sc2... it's just... not dynamic enough, i've found myself winning galaxy after galaxy... and that gets kinda old after a little while... i bought this game back in the days when it was expensive (alpha), and they gave us a pair of crappy commanders that are buyables, they weren't even novelty. they really don't care or listen to their fans, so they released "titans" even when we told them it would be better off a dlc or something. my message to uberstep up and take responsibility, your fans aren't here to wipe your asses with dollar bills. instead of this piece of expensive poop, go buy these games on another note, i'd highly recommend supreme commander 1 & 2, executive assault and earth 2160 instead of this thing, they're cheaper and better made. you'll see where the idea for this game came from. maybe even space engineers if you just want planets! peace out bruh 
doesn't boot... all of my other games boot, so i can only assume it is a problem with the game...until fixed, i cannot play this game, i would love to though, what the f*** valve and bohemia, what the f***
was forced to play this crap.
better than cod and battlefield combined!**was better than cod and battlefield combined
this game sucks a big fat one. and when i say big i mean like gigantic pieces of crap placed in a mexicans ♥♥♥ and then shoved up china's hole. then time this crap by 69 and you get the big one that this crap sucks
eu ja joguei, mas n gostei pq n tem zumbi nua
esse jogo é ruim, n tem bixo nenhum ♥♥♥♥♥
era um bom jogo até seus novos updates chegarem está sendo bem enjoativo e tá demorando pra chegar armas novas a única coisa que tem são reskins de armaso novo competitivo quando você finalmente acha uma partida, alguém acaba saindo o novo casual deixou mais dificil de achar partidas normais do tf2 tipo o mvm(competitivo também demora)eu fui um grande fã desse jogo e estou muito desapontadose você quer jogar esse jogo então recomendo espera updates que sejam bom existe ainda muitos problemas no jogo que eu ainda não citei mas também tem as coisas boas do jogo4/10
the chances of winning,only god knows whether u will win or not,cause failure will be right at you before you know it
this game crashes the next day you opened it,hope it will be fixed about the broken launcher
excellent game made by skilled artists and 3d modellors. the team that manages the engine and physics are quite good, though not the best. aircraft and vehicle modelleling is the greatest i've seen for a game with such a variety of vehicles. gameplay is amazingly smooth and simple.i cannot recommend it due to many controversial decisions made by the developers. ignoring the playerbase in terms of balancing the matchmaking. gaijin have created a problem that only becomes worse. when there are many players playing a large range of vehicles, (generally) effective matchmaking would clump a few evenly matched vehicles together for an intense fight.however if a vehicle was introduced/"balanced" to be too effective/ineffective, naturally people would flock/avoid that vehicle. this creates increased queue times due to the inbalance of demand of vehicles. people complain and gaijin allows a wider variety int he one game, this can (and did) lead to further imbalance. thus, more people avoid it/leave. this makes the balancing act harder and both gaijin and the playerbase stressed.of course, this depends on your reason on playing war thunder and the matchmaking may not be a concern, also gaijin isn't doing too badly at the moment, it's just greatly inconsistent matchmaking leading to either utter defeat or victory simply due to vehicle selection and not player skill.any aircraft could easily kill a much higher tiered aircraft if they're not using their speed advantage or experience. i have killed mig-15's in an f6f hellcat. however in ground forces, it is practically impossible to kill a much higher tiered tank due to their armor and firepower keeping you at a massive disadvantage.game modes:arcade battles:best place to learn the ropes, manoeuvres target leading, positioning, awareness and map knowledge. physics have been tweaked for faster gameplay and easier to handle aircraft. this mode is where i spent about half of my time on, learning how to fly different types of aircraft and their weapons. ground forces arcade is very intense and can be very much run, gun, die repeat. dodging cannons rounds and ramming enemies off cliffs.realistic battles:common for more skilled players like myself. vehicles perform closely to historical documents (which aren't the most accurate due to multiple sources). requires extensive knowledge of own vehicle, enemies and map to effectively defeat the enemy. in this game mode, teamwork and communication is also introduced. (yes, teamwork and communication is almost non-existent in arcade) note: although teamwork is indeed key, people are people and will sometimes be selfish or ignorant which can lead to many losses. you basically have to hope that your team isn't braindead to charge the enemy into a disadvantaged position.simulator battles:what is this? dead :(in aircraft used to force cockpit views and requires a joystick (although with practice you can go without). it tries to have the primary components of real combat without having to worry about issues real pilots have. can be very intense however it has an extreme learning curve and almost certainly requires a wingman. like rb, however these skills are truly put it to the test.the game indeed has its great moments, when the odds are stacked even greater against you than the developers intended and you still break through. however too often you'll just die hopeless, with the only way of avoiding it is to drag out the match.
took a solid 30 minutes for me to encounter any water. fire is more dangerous than the water is in this game. this woman has the lungs of a large sea cow and can stay under water for at least 15 minutes. the scariest part of this game is the clunky platforming.3/10 did not make me afraid of water.
was good before this whole micro-transaction ♥♥♥♥♥torm and the failure of crimefest.rip
ich habe ein problem ich komme in das spiel rein und dann geh ich auf training und dann werde ich rausgeworfen kan mir einer sagen oder helfen was das ist
not my type, get's boring very fast. needs improvement.
♥♥♥♥
crappy console port.
why im buy again
ไอสัสอยู่ดีๆกูโดน vac แสด wtf i got vac
the overall gameplay and artstyle is amazing. but the gliches make a not so enjoyable experience, as sometime it makes you lose the progress of the chapter which is very fustrating. there also should be able to save the checkpoints in the chapters after exiting the game. after all great game but stuff to fix.
why does this even exist.
omg jump scares so spooky wow you sure did get me freddy lol this game is so so sooo scary check out my foxy x chika fan fic hahahaha thanks guys <3 :3 ~~~~
oh god please kill me now this is worse than the show is right now help
admittly the game runs very smooth, but the trageting system or auto whatever it is, sucks, slows down to much, and a pain in the ♥♥♥ when you want to get away from then by jumping and having to uyse anti-grave when it is locked on.needs options in the game like sound volume, i found it very loud and annoying.game is very much based on kids and first time playing a game but to me it is to simple, and tires to hard to baby step you in the right way.over all not a terrible game, well done, but i couldnt enjoy it to much
this game is not recommended because this game same like counter strike : global offensive but the different it's human vs dinosaur, and you must buy ''key for crate''. and the primal carnage : extinction, alot of item it's not tradeble/marketble. this game is weird to me, we can't trade even one item from new primal carnage game. item is tradeble only few. you waste your money for dino/human skin, weapon skin, and cosmetic, and team fortress 2 is betterbecause it's have unusual cosmetic but primal carnage :extinction no have unusual just like uncommon,fog,etc. and you will shame your self your self because didn't get the feather raptor skin, feather raptor skin in new primal carnage is uncommon quality, and it's ultra rare because, you only get when old primal carnage early acces or pre-order the feather raptor skin before you play it/ download it, if you want the feather skin, it's too late
on pc the port is broken. awful frames and graphical issues, unplayable
i buy this game included with many credit (but i didn't spend anything). but didn't play a long time.since this game update the last time, i logged in again, but it said."your account get banned"i remember the last time, before last update i didn't get banned, but now everything is gone. i purchase this game with f*cking d*mn expensive credits and get banned.wtf!!!highly recommend to stay away from this game!
current review - negativemy new review is based on trade feature behind a paywall. crafting class like alchemist and pardoner are useless because even with token, you can only trade for 30 times a month or simply you are paying $0.6 to make 1 trade.unless they change the trading features, im gonna put this on negative review.tree of savior became mmorpg simulator. a single player mmorpg that simulates cash grab or paywalls and selfish players like kill stealing and trash talking players.previous review - positiveplayed this, got auto attack delays (1 sec stuck on aa animation) but skills are ok not much delaylove the soundtracks, artworks and the gameplay itself although i keep on making new characters during the beta (finding a good build) i never got bored unless i really f*k up and messed with my charactertl;dr? - the best if you have low ping. good with 200-300ms. not good for 301-450ms. the worst for 451ms+to people putting a negative review based on the release date showing march 19 2016please do note that it is publicly released on steam this day so that people can pre-load it. other people can download it in a matter of minutes while others may take several hours (like i do 1gb = 1hr wait). be glad that we get to have an early access on march 29 and official release (f2p) after a month than the previous one which is june 2016 which is longer.
uma simples bosta...
bad port
this game is excellent but about a quarter through i encounted a glitch where the camera would just spas out everywhere and not following lara making the game unplayable. i have tryed re-installing and it didn't fix.
this game has been giving me ♥♥♥♥ from the start i cant start the game with out it crashing and i have not even been able to play it at all dont buy it untill they fix it
this game is ♥♥♥♥ dont play
very poor game designnot real simulation
don't buy even if your life depended on it
extremely pay to win.  lv 1-2 is great, hit lv 3 and your in on giant maps with the tank spam and wallet hero weapons.  you know its bad when your better off grabbing a dead soldiers gun, in the hope its upgraded.  panzer/bazooka rocket ammo like 800 credits per shot, with 2-4k per match, killing all those tanks pretty much ensures you cannot progress towards any better guns.tl;dr: cash for power.
don't get this game. spend your $1 on a frozen coke at mc donalds.
after wasting 1 hour just trying to log in, i can never connect to a god damm server.can't even review the game.
meh
dayz winsi really wanted this game to be good but its just arcade spin on dayz done badly.
pretty neat art and the soundtrack is alright.but the story is boring as ♥♥♥♥ and the writing sucks. it's also pretty short.didn't get much enjoyment out of this.
i regret buying this.10/10 would tap.
this game is complete cancer wouldn't even play 1 hour of it.
this may be a unpopular opinion, but i don't recommend black mesa. like so many, i was super interested in experiencing a modern take on the classic from a decade and a half ago that had changed so much about fps gaming. i hadn't played half life in some 10 years, so it really would be a fresh experience for me.navigating the environment felt clunky - i felt like i was always catching on a corner or ladder or vent entrance and having to fight the level as much as the enemies. speaking of fighting, combat was a dreadful chore. even after getting in the classic gaming mindset - an age before regenerating health and endless cover based shooting- there was no pleasure in the combat. right from the start it was just methodical and clinical and ultimately boring.finally, the level design: i like the idea of new elements being added in- new physics based puzzles, the knockover-able turrents... but experiencing them felt token and wasted.now, maybe some of my complaints are in fact just true to the original- i'm sure half life probably did have clunky (albeit mindblowing at the time) combat. but the face of the matter is that in 2016 playing this game, i personally didn't have a headcrabs fart worth of fun. sorry guys.
really did not like this game and not just because of the difficulty. jolting camera angles and tells you xbox controls. it's like it's completely disregarded pc. played 41 minutes and got instantly confused and bored as well.sorry to any fans of this game but holy ♥♥♥♥, it sucks.
p2w p2w p2w p2w
nope i no like a that i cant play
in it's current state the game is playable however with the number of bugs in the game it does quickly get annoying.  i am a little disappointed if i am honest.
0/10 would not bang with spoons in ♥♥♥♥does not work
incredibly glitchy problems with graphics and the recommended line is a lie because i have a 8gb ram laptop with i7 and it is still incredibly laggy fix your game bohemia!
the game starts out fun and then just becomes a timesink.  once the world gets to a certain age its all about the "pay to win" and if you want to not die, then you better be playing (and buying) 10+ cards a day.would totaly recomend you bash your head on your desk for just as much enjoyment.
this game looked very promising and i had my hopes up that it would get to the point of being a true 4x strat game.  well it never got there, it looks nice but the gameplay is totally bland and has nothing unique about it.  it portrays itself as "epic, complex, and dense" but i would have to say its 100% the opposite; mediocre, simple and  shallow.  on a positive note, if you have children that are under 10 and you are trying to teach them about 4x strategy, this game is a very good training game for them...if it can hold there attention.
this game gave me aids.
a bad game in all ways.
the people that ported this game onto the pc should be shot in the dark. totaly unplayable, 1/10 (only because it had a decent opening).
a long time, this was my review:spent 4 hours running to a military base and loaded up with so much ammo i could barely carry it. then fell down a step and broke my legs. crawled for 500m before someone handcuffed me and stole my pants. the same guy then shot my wife. 11/10little has changed feature wise since then, but the gameplay has. it's not as fun. more hackers, and those that don't  kill on sight. the emergent gameplay of "is this guy friendly or hostile" that made it great has gone.
rubbish game! very hard to aim!
wont even open. cant fix it no matter what
cant even play it! crashed instantly. it is now unplayable because of the windows live shut down. i am soooo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i bought this game and cant even play it.
i thought this game was wow waiting weeks for its release until i found this dissapointing crap. i can't even start the journey without the game crashing! do not buy this game
its ♥♥♥♥ it doesnt even let you play the textures dont even work all u see is a pulsating white square
10/10- ign would pay2win again
can't say it's a bad game, it is however, a not so well 'fallout title'.i mean if we're rating it as a:good ol' bethesda bugs(features) and mod kit: 10/10sims/minecraft pixel art/tower defense/hearthfire/sandbox building simulator: 8.5/10single player first-person shooter: 8/10open-world action-rpg (its actual advertised genre): 6/10 (at best) i would like to end it with a good note but all it says is 'sarcasm'.
generally i cant be ♥♥♥♥ed to write a review, however the kind people who bring us payday2, overkill studios have royally ♥♥♥♥ed this and the loyal community it grew since release.now i can see people asking whilst reading this, how can someone with over 1330 hrs played give it a negative review, well firstly let me say that overkill got it almost right, a relatively cheap game, loads of original content, quality updates for the most part this lasted bout a year, 18 months at the most.so after that period there was a systematic decline in quality, maps were broken, guns were unbalanced, and countless paid dlc were utter trash even lion game lion couldnt even get their ♥♥♥♥ together.that basically brings us to now, 38 dlc later 2/3 of it are useless dlc majority of which are $5.99 and not worth a dime. the most interesting and enjoyable parts of the game are easily the base components(missions and weapons) and free heists. but finally not only did ovkl run this into the ground at the speed of light but now they're trying to be cs:go by adding weapon skins just instead of opening crates with keys you open safes with drills.if i have wrote this about a year ago i would have said buy it, its 100% worth it, but now avoid at all costs
good game, junk port
it was fun until they decided to triple dip, where if you want the full experience you need to pay over 80 extra dollars for dlc and your end game content is tf2 csgo style crate gambling for random skins that give stat boosts :)
subscriber fees disguised as dlc
do not buy until it is fully released!!!! unless you want to rage every time you log off the one day with full gear you spent hours on finding in nw airfield which took you an hour to get to and then log back on as a fresh spawn on the coast near berezino for no absolute reason then dont buy it and go buy the mod. and until you can play this game its gonna be a loooooooooong time till they can actually fully fix a game borowed off a mod. and i mean 1-2 years... this game becomes a disapoitment when it comes to the alpha version.
games glitched, i didnt win every level on the first try, therefore it makes me realise my incompetancy as a human10/10
was pretty good when it was first out, but the devs forget this version of the game for ps4.2/10 was pretty good, now pretty bad
i bought this collection a long time ago before the though of refunds even be a thing,this trilogy is a compilation from the worst ewj ports for pc.the first 2 games are butchered and lack the most basic levels that appear on every single version on the consols (including some of them that are on the pics show case leading to false advertisement) and uses an "outdated" dosbox emulation to play   .and the third game is just the cherry on the bitter cake since it universally sucked on both platforms that released.if you want a modern port to ewj look for ewj hd on 360 or ps3 or just look for that special edition  released on windows 95/sega cd that is better than this "thing",
gone home is a drama storytelling walking simulator game.most of these types of games are usually a hit or miss,for me this one was a miss.the plot usually leads you with much expectation ,giving the good soundtrack and the design of the enviroments,but ends with a "meh" kind of situation.giving that,the side stories end being more interesting than the main story itself,if you explore a lot.sadly after its over,there is nothing more to look for.these kind of walking simulators games (with rare exceptions) are made more to be appreciated than be played.
honestly this is like an even ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of clash of clans. i can kinda get why a city simulator with wait times would be popular on a mobile device but why on pc. this isnt like a portable iphone its a pc so therefor this genre doesnt work on this platform. and if u havnt guessed already this is pay to win as ♥♥♥♥. i can understand paid items in csgo or league but in a game like this it isnt just cosmetic change that doesnt impact skill its straight up cheating.who wants to wait 5 hours for u to build up a new building in a city all to have it destroyed or downgraded by a kid using his mums credit card like a sword. additionally half of the accounts on this game are inactive so trying to build up a group or a "clan" is difficult because most of the people you invite wont respond. all in all dont buy this game its a waste of time.
terrible.
evoland was fun at first, but then became clunky and hard. you can't move and attack, and the skeletons are literally push ypurself up against a wall and spam spacebar...once you play half and hour worth of game, and die there aren't any save points and you have to play another half hour of the same area... you really can't just log off due to those save points.would not recommend.
got this as part of random key giveaway. i still feel like i paid too much..
no au servers also the dev needs to add content like server hosting the ♥♥♥♥ is a lying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with fetures want refund for free game
got be banned for lagging  gg
game was great then update came out game was horrible
do they even update this game anymore?
do.not.buythe gameplay is extremely boring,poor connection with niko in the campaign leads to very poor,boring missions.they are short and get very repetitive and the city is so f****** lameno car customisation at allstupid f****** games for windows live makes this game f***** impossible to play because you cant save without having an internet connection. seriously,rockstar what the f*** were you thinking when you made gta 4 and you clearly were thinking differently when making gta v,you're employees were f****** high the whole time making this stupid f****** game and couldnt  figure out how to make a game your ever so f***** loyal fans would enjoy1/10stupidest f***** game everdont buy
i can't open this crab 
pay 2 win
o jogo está muito bom!!!! mas esta com muitos problemas com o launcher !!!!! sempre joguei ele normalmente mas hoje quando fui abrilo o launcher pediu a key,até ai tudo bem mas quando coloquei a key ele disse que a key ja foi usada,e desde então não consigo jogar!!!!!
pay 2 win
o jogo está muito bom!!!! mas esta com muitos problemas com o launcher !!!!! sempre joguei ele normalmente mas hoje quando fui abrilo o launcher pediu a key,até ai tudo bem mas quando coloquei a key ele disse que a key ja foi usada,e desde então não consigo jogar!!!!!
installed the 5gb, played a few minutes, half hour. conclusion : i'd rather play other jrpg games, god this was so boring, dialogue is so cheesy, music doesn't really match and gameplay is clunky. animations also are clunky. pros? can get cards for getting those anime similar backgrounds after crafting badge
normally sequals are expected to be superior to the orginal but unfortuanly this is not always the case. the singleplayer campagn is laughably  boring and rather prodictable. muiltiplayer is ok with friends.little from the supreme commander/forged alliance survived.amphious or underwater walking gone.(not hover)more experimentals just less effective, clones like the soul ripper 2 and fatboy 2 are shadows of thier formersevles.aoen have no navy.graphics have not been imporved.ai while more challanging at first will bore hardcore/rts veterens.not much stratagy, whoever spurns out more units fastest wins. less maps and smaller.cybran commander looks deformed.tech tree and tier system gone. replaced with exp system which become pointless once everything has been unlocked.economy has no running costs for shield generators nor artillary this game feels so watered down it is just not funny. if you loved the first game stay away from this mess if you didn't like the orginal then it will bore you.
an ok fps but nothing more. with superior graphics to the original there is nothing about counter-stirke: global offensive that makes it standout in the fps market.not enough gunsno option to change player modelrecoil and accuarcy of weapons not accurate.no built in weapons editor.maps ok but nothing fancyi certinally expected a lot more customizable options, maybe rpg games have spoiled me but even in killing floor you can change your player model, there are so many ways that this game can be imporved and i am hoping that it may happen but i will not be holding my breath.
i want to recommend the game, but there are a heap of bugs and crashes still present that still exist 6+ months later.
♥♥♥♥ you and your greed, tripwire
the grind is insane
this game was stupid and all the itties were literally in the pg13 trailer
i don't usually write negative reviews, (if any reviews for that matter) and i must say, if you have recieved a coupon for this game and bought it, then refund it. not worth $1.00, espicially not worth $10 for something a highschool teacher made since he had nothing better to do. once launching in, firstly only 3 other players were online and did not act very nicely towards me. secondly, even though it does say it's an early access game, its still in pre-alpha. not even alpha, *pre*tldr; spent $1.00 on a highschool project that is meant to be in 48 hour game jam for ~free~
it's ♥♥♥♥ don't buy it ever you'll die of aids when you install it.
a broken mess. every patch just makes it worse. they should be fixing problems that have existed since the mod years ago (zombies and hackers), only they keep getting worse and worse. all the devs do is just lie about the state of the game and just add new clothing items and other non-essential guff.
too addictive
joined the join a game then got killed by a gun 60 levels higher then me then he said rekt in the chat then i quit the gamepayday 2 win/10
cs:go has the potential to be a great game. but that potential is squandered by developers that introduce changes based on their whims and iterate on those aimless changes based on statistics from the least skillful players. the core gameplay mechanics have been trending in the wrong direction for some time, and the most recent update is the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. it's remarkable and disappointing that the current stewards of this franchise don't understand/appreciate/care what makes it special in the first place.
the maps are too small, tbh it feels like another cash cow. don't buy it for 97 australian dollars, it's just amped graphics all in all. feels like a rather meh, 30-40 dollar game at best.
it's ♥♥♥♥.
gunz 2? se debería llamar "gunz: lo mismo que el uno pero con mas bugs y con graficas relativamente bonitas".pros:1) nostalgia2) si tienes una buena pc, jugarlo al maximo es una pasadacontras:1) full flameo2) full hacks 3) no tiene el mismo carisma que el anterior4) demasiados niños peleando5) ¿ya mencione los hacks?
hate it
it sucks
com todas as noticias, trailers e hype eu achei que finalmente a franquia ia lançar um jogo realmente diferente dos outros, e não ser aqueles updates com subtitulos que chamavam de jogos. porém tudo o que fizeram foi trocar a interface e as musicas (piorou as musicas). resumindo: larguei o cities xl de mão!
everything is rubbish becides thats is a source game
very much do no buy this game at the moment.haven't been able to join a server yet. either the server browser laggs out for ever causing you to have to force quit the game after 20 mins, or you try and connect to a server and it just returns to the server browser after a couple of seconds of black.if i could get my money back i would.
♥♥♥♥
one of the worst shooters i have ever played. the plot is moronic, the graphics are sub-par for its era, and the gameplay totally lacking in any depth. the gunplay is unsastisfying and awkward, with many of the iron-sights on the weapons bordering on useless.the plot of the game is moronic, racist and disrespectful to the ongoing human tragedy that is the mexican drug war. in particular i felt uncomfortable mercilessly killing hundreds of 'gang members' when i was supposed to be playing a police officer. no policing or investigating is done in this game at all. its plot and mechanics are totally at odds.if you have any respect for yourself or your money do not play this game. take your money elsewhere.
♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ u and ♥♥♥♥ your face
worthless piece of crap game, cant even play 5 minutes of zombies without it saying i have disconnected when im clearly online :/, might just be me tho.
осторожно! беларуский язык!ніколі і ні за што! не трэба! спыніцеся!осторожно! русский язык!никогда и ни за что! не надо! остановитесь!
осторожно! беларуский язык =)яшчэ з дзяцінства запомніў, што ёсць паняцце "нямецкая якасць", але тут яго няма ні кроплі.больш за ўсё засмучае фізіка, якая не адпавядае рэчаіснасці кіравання пагрузчыкаў.осторожно! русский язык=)еще с детства запомнил,что есть понятие "немецкое качество", но тут его нет ни капли. больше всего печалит физика, которая не соответствует действительности управления погрузчиков.
they screwed up, big time. a great concept at first but completely poorly handeled. the membership system is akin to bribary in the armed forced, i.e. quick promotions. the game offers huge battles alright, but they are like mindless, headless chickens running around. it all devolves to a gigantic clusterf*** of tanks and other vehicle. oh and if you think air support will help you better ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hope that the aircraft are flow by experts since newbs will be shot down faster than a cheetah in a bullet train straped to a rocket. as a new player you will die, constantly, since you have no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea where anything is, and who is shooting at who. the facilities feel half ♥♥♥♥♥ as they only contain generic buildings that are copy and pasted all over the map. and cover goes from all over the god damn place to virtually nonexistant. i hope you have a supercomputer and instantaious internet because if you do not, you are stuffed, you will die due to frameskip and lag. weapons require real money to buy and is more expensive than a real life gun. and you can get it with ingame currency, but it will feel like it takes forever. if you can handle all the annying things in this game, then it will be worth it, as there are genuinely fun moments in this game, like doing air drops into enemy bases, or ambushing a enemy convoy. all in all the game could be great, but the paying aspect of it feels broken and it breaks the game, balance could be done much better and more tactical facilities instead of open plains great for zerging, makes this game a pain to play.
effective at being a ♥♥♥♥ when it tells you not to be one.guess it doesn't want you to steal its job.
too scary 5 me
one of the laziest games i have played, you repeat the same thing and get a little closer each time. dissapointing considering alan wake was alot of fun. don't bother.
csgo is full of kids and russians who pretend to be esports in casual. aiming at feet gives you headshots. running forward with gun is inaccurate as ♥♥♥♥ while jumping with sniper somehow is accurate.1/5 do not waste your life on this ♥♥♥♥ get battlefield 1
dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy rage it doesnt work on pc. i swear you will get 2 frames per second no matter how good computer you got coz the game is coded so bad.
first of all the tutorial is like a mix of annoying grandmother and tracer telling you what to do. then i got lot of games that look good on my pc regardless of high/low settings and low on wildstar is like ps1 graphics. high doesnt even work unless you have the developer´s machine or tons of money put into your set up.gameplaywise its like ratchet & clank cutscenes with basic mmo features, i´d suggest you to get on the wow train now when legion´s out, wildstar isnt as big or finished as they wanted it to be
it has memorys it was my first game ever on steam but i dont like it as much as i used to it used to be awsome but now its filled with little kids and tryhards :( still good
it is cancer xd
facepalm
juego muy bueno pero el online es un chiste ,ni puedes invitar amigos, ni crear sala  ,tarda muchisimo en encontrar partida .no lo recomiendo nada si tienes pensado jugar online este no es tu juego
boring game and very hard to get into, people say its an extremely realistic shooter but in my opinion its far from that, so many times i have tried to get into it but i just can't. i'm a huge fps shooter fan and used to love call of duty but quit playing it a few years ago, battlefield is where its at though and that is a true fps game
simulator' dlc, isportili igru govno teper' stalo!
this game is shithouse. ♥♥♥♥en ♥♥♥♥.
you were the chosen one, overkill!you were supposed to bring balance to the games industry, not leave it in darkness!
how to gey new update
terrible playerbase enough said
do you have 60 dollars to throw away, but you feel that wiping your ♥♥♥ with it just isn't satisfying enough? then buy no man's sky, cause either way, you'll be wasting your money on ♥♥♥♥. this cinematic game-play experience will make you feel like you are watching a child's finger painting be smeared across your eyeballs at an impressive 10 frames per second, and an even better 2 fps if you wanna get off the first god forsaken planet in this procedurally generated dumpster. and be sure to never tab out of the game, cause when it crashes, it doesn't close, just hangs around in the background of your computer, slowly ticking away at time played, ensuring that any investment is a permanent one. hello games and steam must be in bed together because once you go a minute over the appeal time 2 hours for a refund, your requests for your money back get sent through the machine, no human eyes will ever gaze upon your appeal, no matter how valid your reasoning is.hopefully, steam games will now come with a bottle of lube, cause when steams refund policy decides to bend you over a barrel, it should make it easier on the both of you.
this game for me1. it was a weak horror and a 3 year old could sit through this game without any problems what so ever.2. it's riddled woith glitches3. it's way to easy4. has the single most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ saving system!!!i hope this is more helpful!!! :d
this game is simply unfair at times some levels are litterly impossible if you want to score 100 percente do not buy this buy a good game
orrivel uma ♥♥♥♥♥ essa ♥♥♥♥♥ n da pra jogar quando baixo ele n abre
being that i have played this game for over 200 hrs over the last 2 years, i can gladly say that this is one of the better games to have come out. co-op is fun to do and the game is pretty easy to learn how to play.the sad thing is, and its the reason i am no longer recommending this game, is due to starbreeze including micro-transactions to a game that didnt need them and was promised by the developer that it would'nt be included.developers need to look at what their consumers want out of their product rather than look at what other consumers of other developers want. just because micro-transactions work in tf2 and cs:go, does not mean that it will work in this game. not to mention promises made 2 years ago are still not done. an example would be, where is our safe house customization? where are our 4day+ hiests?sorry starbreeze, but if you want a good review from me and a recommendation please fix your most current crimefest update. ps. we really do not need any more masks!!!
es malo .
it's not really a game more like a chore..
laggy mclaggypants
most rip off game of the year. won't run.
seems well optimized and love the australiana but the driving is bollox, the combat is bollox and the controls are bollox, just playing it at this point to get the torture over and done with.
pretty fun game, bit rough but easily ignored, specially cause of the gits factor, but the aus servers seem to be abandoned, have never got a match since the first week or so, i assume they might just only come on at certain times, but its more likely they just got sick and stopped playing...
i love this game, really i do, but the bugs, the god damn bugs -_-
fix the ♥♥♥♥ing crossbows, jfc, and on a lighter note, i would appretiate if one of the ping guarded oceanic servers could be crownlands please, having 3 stormlands and only 1 crownland server thats covered in chinese players pestering us is annoying and stormlands is far too big without mounts for me to bother with.
great concept, graphics are fine, for the price point they're good, but buggy as hell and bad resolution support, i don't mind if its a small cheap game it seemed fun enough for the time being but when the blueprints showing you unlocked your first gun blocks the entire screen and won't go away then the pause screen when you go to exit also blocks your view so you can't play the game you know ♥♥♥♥♥ gone wrong.
yeeeeeeeeeeeah, this game used to be good fun but now the crew doesn't even respond, tutorial says "press the corresponding keys to select the group your crew are in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?" but i can't find a way to set them on the crew screen and i don't think they are assigned a default button cause i've tried all the number  buttons and nothing.
i didnt like this game when i started playing it. i was expecting a gran tourismo feel but i didnt get it from this game.
i ♥♥♥♥ed your mum simulator 2011
mixed. it's an alright game, with interesting arma like commands to troops.
such potential an online zombie survival game, has had its moments but just needs to fixed, control and imput are shocking and so many bugs, has no vehicles and only just added hunting etc, whcich the mod even has. cummon dean fix ya damn game
 if it was $2 it would be great, however it is priced at 15$ which is too much to pay for the amount of content
if you want a game that's like dayz where you also get killed  being newly spawned in by kitted out players for no reason, has an overrall worse fanbase with even younger players who don't know the meaning of teamwork, and with constant hackers to boot, this is the game for you!
the new trailer explains the game:1. spawn2. look around your new world3. realise their are dinosaurs everywhere4. ???5. die6. profit (for them)
very dissapointed. game is too easy. graphics options do not make a difference as i can run it on extreme at 45fp and on low at 50 fps with no visual difference. ai is idiotic. made the mistake of buying it on release.
♥♥♥♥
i miss toybox :'(
this game has so much potential to be so great, but it is let down by wildly unbalanced game play, with absolutely terrible matchmaking.
um lixo vem cons trojan que força disligar o computador
where the ♥♥♥♥s my refund???????????
i loved avp and avp2 when they were released back in early 2000. avp2 gold sets the benchmark of this franchise and i would still play that over the latest avp from rebellion. it lacks some of the original features and gameplay with poor mechanics and lack of depth and feel in single and multiplayer.
got kicked and temp banned from valve's official server for capping points. not even a warning given.10/10 would get voted off again.
i got this game for free and yet i still feel ripped off... if you buy this game you're gonna have a bad time.
too many racists playing this, seriously, i don't gaf if they're trying to be funny, or if the dev is doing what they can to stamp those idiots out, but i'm done and asking for a refund.
blackmarket update was a given as a "free dlc" woo...
it's a port of a bloody handheld game, what would you expect?
half a game. spend your money on something else.
about to click that play buttoninstead it decided to uninstall and refund itself back to overkillmicrotransactions/10 will buy again
stupid jump takes millions of unwanted screenshots
trash
unfinished garbage
this game has been in alpha for almost 2 years, lol.
i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this because i cant stop
needs an update
kkk ♥♥♥♥
this game is bad, compared to other simulators like ets2 and ats this looks like a squished cockroach
i really, really wanted to like this game. let's be honest it looks amazing. but after playing through the family matters dlc (as it was a prequel to asylum), which i found to have had no performance issues, to playing 30-45 minutes of the main story the issues that plagued the game before the so called "relaunch" are still present. i was thinking my system (16gb ram, gtx 980ti) would have been enough to at least play at the locked 30 fps (yes i know but i just really wanted to play through the game). unfortunately this was not enough and i was faced with hard crash after hard crash, memory leak after memory leak. what a poor closure to the batman arkham series and to be honest this will be my last wb title i dare to consider buying.
this game does not give you enough tools to do anything, it's just an uninspired minecraft zombie survival
horribly made.cutscenes didn't work, subtitles didn't work, it lagged like a ♥♥♥♥♥, camera angles took up to 7 seconds to change perspective, clues didn't work and the controls were just so bad.it's a shame really because i seriously dig the artstyle of this game.
unfortunately the game continues to crash on me.
ever since they updated nuke, my life has been tumbling down. ♥♥♥♥myselfcsgo is baed
♥♥♥♥ this game
managed to get the purchase of this game refunded.  doesn't run at today's resolutions and therefore looks pretty bad on-screen -- that's if you're lucky to even get it running in the current operating systems.
too hard to find a room no one play this bomb match grapple match so very very bad or i should say this is too bad so no one plays it? yeah it is
unentertaining.
got from humble monthly aug 2016.voice acting is fine, art style is fantastic.yet game feels... soulless?the game seems to be a student project that was just one giant comprimise of ideas so that they could pass... the game's themes of "abandonment and lonliness" are surface level and dont' integrate with the story well enough, with a cutscene/slideshow finishing the game off.the monsters aren't given enough screen time to become memorable...it never feels like "wow! exploring a new world!", no super wide zoom outs to see the scenery around you (the glowflies are an attempt at that maybe? but it would be nice if they meant more to the game & story, rather than just being pretty)the game takes heavy inspiration from (though planet of the eyes does get pillar domino puzzles to be a lot more fun than they were in limbo) and they are both respectable, but to line up the two side by side, limbo wins out.if you want disappointment after playing "inside" or more cookie cutter 2d platformers... feel free i guess?
one of the worst wwe game ever made on. this game just ♥♥♥♥ed up and ruined my childhood.
no mods = crappy game
dont buy this
fps intensive
if you're getting this game for the story, you should. if you're getting it for the gameplay, don't. the story of wolfenstein is decent. because who doesn't want to kill nazis? but the gameplay gets really repetetive as there isn't alot of variety in the weapons and even if you find something else other than the gun you start out with, it wouldn't be very different. my advice would be to wait until this game is on sale for less than $10 to buy it. 6/10
it's funny how the reviews are better than the game.
so since the game is on going i'll talk about what i've played so far. overall i quite like the game, the plot is interesting and the world is believable. at some points you need to take things with a pinch of salt but being a game of fiction it has a bit of leeway when it comes to being weird. the first chapter is also very well done and had me hooked quite quickly. however as the game progresses it starts to suffer from the more negative aspects of the furry world, and it started to feel more and more like characters were overly unique or sexualized. it actually got to a point where i was playing a game of "pick out the good guys by how they look." because you could tell these formal and apparently normal people couldn't be good. some plot points were also a very far reach that made little sense logic wise, but they usually weren't bad. also i might have not seen it but there really should be a feature that allows you to save whenever rather than making you until the next chapter to get a save point. all up i'd say i enjoyed the game, but its not something i'd recommend to others. if you're a furry that likes the more general parts of the fandom and don't just want porn it should be a fun flick for you. everyone else would probably be better off investing in a vn that more suits their interests.
i really want to love this collection, but the frequent crashes and not too frequent but still annoying audio glitches (as well as the input lag and lack of video settings) make this game a borderline pass. i had less lag from an emulator, and emulators are usually known for having lag. don't recommend this until they patch this out, this is ridiculous.
this game is a mess. it's unoptimized and locked at 30 fps, frames can drop below 10 fps on a decent machine.avoid it at all costs and only buy after it's been heavily patched.
paytoplayso isso
as said in the gamewierdness for wierdness saketoo meta for me
there isn't even zombies this patch. ?!???/??!!??!?!??! kind of funny though, a zombie survival game with no zombies...
deffinately the worst game in my library, pshysics suck, damage is terrible amd overall has a boring storyline, and to be honest, 90% of free to play games on steam are better then this, get blacklight retribution or warframe, and if you really want to spend the $20 get dlc's for the f2p's you will be alot happier, im just glad i got it for $5 and not $20
nâoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
this game is suck you know why?you make create account and fail !!!!!!@#@#@@1
bueno que decir de este juego.es una ♥♥♥♥♥♥, no se porque lo ponen en steam, la ♥♥♥♥ que los pario.
such a stupid freaking game!!! got over ten 7 week cooldowns in a row now just cause of a stupid missing pak file!! i've had enough! plz valve fix this problem if you can, its killing me!
horrible 0/10 ign its better playing on my ps3 than the pc and i even have a gtx 960 map doesnt even load properly and the mulitplayer doesnt work. 
it has a ♥♥♥♥-load of "ambiguous packages"... and crashes every time on the unreal engine intro sequence. why does it do this? does anyone else get this?
every single time i go to play "unknown error"...... normally i'd recommend.
not bad, definately not the worst game i've played but i wouldn't recommend it all the same.way too close to hl2 and it's a bit weird to play at first but you get over it once the story lures you in.poorly placed ammo and no melee weapon to compensate. i mean, come on guys, you can do better than that.
this game needs quality! thats not what it is. this is junk sry :\
to call this game a game would be a misnomer, its essentially a tumblr blog with hyperlinks in which you are given a couple of different option all ending at the same points. however more insultingly then calling this a game is calling this depression quest: the person depicted in this game isn't depressed they are an emo kid who derives enjoyment out of pretending to be depressed so they have something to cry about on their tumblr page to the people they are pretending to be "deep" with.let me make this clear, depression doesn't make you stupid, which this character clearly is. from my point of view this game was clearly made by someone trying to be insightful, but who had a less then terrible grasp on the source material. this project is to accurate portrayal of mental health issues what victorian era wandering womb & hysteria diagnosis’s are to modern medicine: in no way related.whatever this project is, one thing is for certain, it needs to not be on steam: steam is a place for games, not emo masturbation fantasies conveyed in tumblr blogspot style wall of text, with annoying eye straining animation, repetitive image use & white noise static for music.watching this game scramble for mediocrity and failing is just painful to watch: i'm not depressed, but i'm pretty sure i would be if this was the best thing i could create given how much support the author was given to succeed.
okay so i really want to like this game, but it has one huge fatal flaw: it's fun value rapidly runs out once you realizse that literally everything but the duck billed dinosaurs will kill you no doubt.... it's at this point that the game stops being a survival game, an starts to be an unpaid fulltime job. see the promise of a survival game is that the longer you play, the more survivable & fun it becomes as you master your terrain. ark on the other hand, the more work you put in, the more work there is to put in. once you've built your house of straw, it's on to your house of wood, once you've got your house of wood, it's on to the house of stone & it's like that with literally everything in the game: there is no pay off.an if you are the least bit effective early on in the game, the leveling system outstrips the actual content, in that it stops being a survival game & rapidly becomes an eating, drinking & pooping simulator, because thats what you spend your entire time doing, as you wait for your xp to bring you up to the next level.as for the pve aspects of the game they leave a lot to be desired. dinosaurs just mill around, instead of moving with any purpose, and there are just way to heavily packed together on a map that is way to small. god help you if you don't stick to the beach the entire time, because predatory dinosaurs are so common place off the beach that it often feels like you are being zerged by small predatory dinosaurs, or worse yet the insects.which brings me to my next issue: movement tracking. i don't mind combat with the dinosaurs, or at least i wouldn't if i ever got in to combat with the dinosaurs, rather than shadow boxing the fart of existance that the program thinks are the dinosaurs locations, when actually the dinosaur is three feet, that a way.the game lacks for telegraphing so dinos attack, before lacky banding back to the location they were in, without passing through the space between. the worst offenders are the spitting dinosaurs & the raptors, but it's alsoa problem with any of the insects, and even the bronto's who kill you by magic apparently, because you'll never see what they hit you with. i'm sure there is a playable game under there somewhere, but it's not nearly as deserving of praise as it's currently getting.
o jogo é uma bosta , co-op  lixoso , todo bugado do krl , com 2 conto podia ter comprado ,as conquista nem vem pros amigo , caraho , filho da puuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuulta
do not buy, ever.
i downloaded it and it just comes up with a black screen! very bad.    (message me if you have an answer to my problem)
it could be a "upgraded" version of c.s 1.6 but even c.s looks like a amazing piece of work next to this game
mediocre!
the game has become abandonware(if you really want to buy it buy on a sale)
i was so happy and excited when i got this game because i got it free and im kind of a diablofreak but (apologize my bad english) it had a nice concept but they simply "crapped and converted in a game" this game probably was made on the lowest budget ever seen i wonder if this game was made on a toilet or inside a trashcan it's awesome whe you see the concept of "sci-fi diablo like rpg" but no joking dude the plot is basically: you ar a one-eyed badasss ganeric charatier in spaaaice kilin aliuns and yu zes speshul. yes thats all the plot also . . . the hud, menu and textures are pretty meh/♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you think that the game "looks pretty good" believe me don't try it , ok? cuz speshul game fer speshul peploe.
this game isnt good. it just doesnt work.
this game isnt good. it just doesnt work.
ยังไม่ได้ทำไรเลยซื้อมาเพิ่งได้เล่นไม่ได้โปรด้วยโดย vac เฉย     i do not buy it just did not play with a pro vac inaction.
team fortress 2 is indeed nothing more than a masterpiece. most of the time, it's a massacre full of fun! from its unique gameplay, containing 9 suitable mercenaries, which are the scout, soldier, pyro, demoman, heavy, engineer, medic, sniper and spy. now of course, each seperate class plays a different role, making team fortress 2 truly one of the most fascinating of all fps games.now, yes. indeed, this is another rant about a whole different aspect of the game. team fortress 2 shares relation between trading and gifting. the economy includes items from cool, to insane, which there are a lot of items to buy and trade from. as from here, players enjoyed the fact that it was something different, and decided to begin the trading campaign. but unfortunately, players continued to some extent that it became an idling hat-generater. valve had suddenly realised that players liked the concept of the idea, and thought "well, if this gives us enough money to support our game, we'll go along with it". so, basically, it completely flipped team fortress 2, well... the other way around, or should i say, upside down. now all you'll see in servers from valve-created to community-created, are people who spend their own money, and constantly trade out virtual accessories until they can somehow manage to become greater/better than everyone else, or to attempt to look impressive. whilst team fortress 2 is still considerably great, you can still easily compare between now and 4 - 5 previous years, well, let's say back in 2010, there wasn't even an option, or such thing as trading in this astonishing first-person shooter.i'd also like to mention about unlockable weapons. unlockable weapons were more important back then, but now, weapon drops aren't fascinating anymore. they require  very  little effort to buy or sell as they're so cheap compared to accessories. in regards to accessories again, now all we see are the "oh so fabulous particle effects", painted cosmetics and ridiculous stupid over-sized and over-used genre of the same rubbish. right now and i certainly know it, you're most likely thinking to yourself "what is wrong with all of the accessories? there's nothing wrong with it, and its been like this for years..." okay, yes, i understand that trading/microtransactions is pretty much the only reason why team fortress 2 is alive right now, but that just makes the matter worse in general. for the people who are curious about the items in general being added in, they're pretty much all community-created, and are directly from the workshop, which is obviously why the installation for the game is unnecessarily big because of the amount of accessories they've packed filled it with. even though the workshop is a good concept within steam, its situation with team fortress 2 is rather different, though. again, microtransactions. yes, i understand, free to play games will eventually require money in the long run, so we were expecting the "bundle of hats" or "mann.co store", really.so in any way, shape or form, i recommend that you give team fortress 2 a try and see if you enjoy it. be sure to play it out with training for awhile like i did. also try to avoid trading at the moment especially, it's not a great way for new players to enjoy the game itself. and i'm definitely being sincere, 1,600 hours of game time is accuracy. so, in the long run, this game will likely become tiring and over-used, due to players who idle and constantly trade, in which they are willing to somehow look prettier than everyone else.tl;dr: team fortress 2 is an amazing and unique game, but ever since valve decided to introduce the mann.co store, it nearly ruined the game, all thanks to trading.
meh
changes name of game repeatedly to hide negative reviews. steals assets. fires dev team before game release. nice. maybe he'll rename the game again to hide all these negative reviews too.
oh, god, how i miss this game. i really do. there were those times when i'd had a bad day, or just needed to unwind, and cranking up loadout was the key to quenching that desire to annihilate things. it's actually a kickass game, what with all the weapon combinations and the fast-paced play style, but... i just can't think of loadout in the same way anymore.i left the game for others in about october, and this march i decided to give it another go, and for some strange reason, i couldn't find a game. well, the reason? this game has been abandoned. this glorious, beautiful, crude-humored game has been abandoned. those days where i would join a local server and join the mayhem are long gone. now i have to join uk servers with 400 ping just to get a match.where did the atmosphere go, edge of reality? on general principles i tend not to judge, but it's hard not to see the developers abandoning the pc version for the ps4 edition as a betrayal of the fanbase. what now? does some indie developer come along and make a cut-rate version of this that nobody plays? sorry loadout, your time has passed.
i really, really wanted to give half-life 2 a positive review. i truly did.the fact of the matter though is that i was never enthralled by this game. i tried to be, but it's a bit too generic for me to get into. it's definitely fun to pick up the game for a half hour and put holes in a few combine and headcrabs, but that's as far as it goes for me. the story is okay, too, but nowhere near as good as that of, say the portal franchise. hell, probably even tf2 (when you include the web comics) has a better story.if you're a big fan of fps games, then you'll probably like this game. but when i speak from my own opinion, i just can't recommend half-life 2.rating: 6/10
pure waste of money. game is still unplayable. crashes all the time, looks awful and there are tons of stupid dlcs instead of one desperatedly needed patch that might repair the gamecode and make it at least playable. i wasn'r able to finish this game on singleplayer as it causes constant ctds. despite so many times i tried to just finish this in sp i had constant crashes and loading times are so long, it is beyond me. so, i tried multiplayer and well, it's dull. worst mp i have ever seen. small maps, small teams, dull weapons and game modes. imo this game is not even on alpha stage. why this has been released is beyond me. darnn, i wish i could get refund for this game. avoid it at all cost. do not waste your money and do not support these lousy devs who don't give a sh-t about the players and just try to rip you of the money.0/10 for not being able to run this game without ctds and finish sp campaign.
don't buy it. this game sucks hard. if you want to play single player campaign, borrow it or buy on console. then sell it and forget about this garbage.
it's hard to recomend something you are not convinced to. i bought the second season of twd in may and after first episode i dropped it for a couple of months. i just finished it yesterday. well, unfortunately this sequel is suffering from the same illness that amc twd series has. it started great in first season and each season is changing the show from survival show to soap opera. this game is suffering from this as well. it's not as thrilling as first season. story is dull, boring, dialogs are uniteresting and in some cases scenes are too long and static like the one where characters talk by camp fire in ep4. the characters, oh my. in sequel i found only one  character fairly interesting beside clementine - it's jane. other characters are just lame. i didn't care about what would happen to them or if they die or not. this kind of visual novel (yes, its nothing more) at least should be based on good story and strong characters. but its not. appart of lame characters, bad story, crappy dialogs there is not much game in game. you just don't play much. this sequel is based on absurd number of terrible qtes. if you like hitting a keyboard key like  a frenzy monkey then go ahead play it. if not, then this game is going to be a torture for you. the choices in this game as in first season are simply just a detour to the linear story. in first season it was hidden much better, because the story was better. to show you how bad second season is i dare to say, that each short episodes of season 1 dlc 400 days was much more interesting than whole second season! what a shame that telltale made this sequel. after finishing it i am not going to buy nex season if they make it at all. i do not believe this dev anymore and i am pretty sure, the will be pushing strong for their own drm of which i am not a fan. so the final verdict. if you must have every game about zombies buy it.if you are twd fan, don't buy it.first season was imho 9/10400 days was decent 7/10second season is well below average game, so:3/10. i do not recommend this game to my big sadness :(.edited: spelling errors. sorry for that.
i played this game on easy level for almost 9 hours. it's good game, even graphics is fine, story is decent, well the dialogs could be better but... so, maybe i am casual player, but in 9 hours of playtime i stuck on first miniboss in chapter 1 twilight cathedral, the jailer. despite so many hours of trying to beat this boss i wasnt able to do so. i am sorry, but if a game on easy level is so difficult that player can't finish one of six chapter then there is something wrong with a game. i may be lame player, sure, but games should be fun not hardcore torture especially on easy level! so sadly i do not recomend this game as i wasnt able to finish it. :/
the dlc for this game ruins it. this is a good game, but the amount of 'nickle and dime' dlc is ridiculous. the full game now costs almost a couple hundred dollars. that is entirely too much for a video game to cost. even waiting for a 75% sale the game in full is still $40, that's $40 for a game on sale for 75% off.  also, trying to buy just one expansion and it's associated portraits, troops, and songs is stupid. either you add all dlc and remove the ones (out of 50+ dlc) you don't want from the cart or back and forth adding one at a time. it's also not immediately clear which portraits, troops, and songs go with which expansion. game is fine, but it's ruined with the dlc nonsense.one more thing, with every new expansion that comes out, it ruins your saved games. so even if you don't buy the expansion you have to start over anyways.
rust is a good game but there are so many bugs that affect the game, one of the most common bugs that there is and that has occurred to me is where you are stuck on the loading screen forever when you are trying to join a server.
boring, i used to play this 2 years ago back when wildshadow ( something like that ) owned the game. the game then was not milked and droopy like a 4 year old cow after the farmer's just lost a child, and then kabam ( tm or some ♥♥♥♥ ) came and ruined everything by bringing in these fancy package deals. 10/10 would not play. my friends would waste money on this basic game.
♥♥♥♥ gamevery slow connection high lantency servers can't even play
i hate to be the barren of reviewing games i've played but i was expecting more out of this game. when i first saw this on greenlight, i thought this could be the perfect alternative towards portal & qube (because they don't work on my current laptop) but then i heard that this game was discounted at 96%! hearing that must of made the game sound really bad but i ignored it. i read the description of polarity, claiming that it's the most fun puzzle game since portal (i even saw a comment on the greenlight page that the dev(s) don't even know what portal was). gameplay was just too simple & it lasted only for an hour on my side, the first time playing portal brought so much confusion that it was thrilling, this game just wanted me to go to sleep. i also looked around the levels set up & i saw so many flaws that it looked like it was rushed from development just to gain revenue. the worst part about it is that it has no decent story, portal's story was so fasinating that i want to find out more about its connections with half-life 2, polarity states that your a hacker thats trying to access a virtual vault when these levels don't look anything like a firewall. in conclusion, if you want a better puzzle game at a cheap price, get something that was made perfectly & looks challenging (even if it has mixed ratings). all that it can be used now is to haul trading cards & allowing a short sleep mode onto yourself.
littreraly s**t. no zombies for miles and no guns anywhere
no
♥♥♥♥ing stupid ♥♥♥♥ u just die at the end
because partying up with friends doesn't exist, get ready to watch the same ♥♥♥♥heads enter and leave the lobby in an attempt to play with their friends...this will cause very few matches to start. do not buy this game, not even when they add some party support.*update*newest update comes with a glitch that put me in a game and a lobby at the same ♥♥♥♥ing time. close the game and re-open it only to find that i've now lost all of my rankings that i've gained over the last 2 hours of playing. ♥♥♥♥ these devs10/10 would never buy againif your complaining that the games to hard for the killer. ♥♥♥♥ off and camp a hook like every ♥♥♥♥wit that plays the killer. i honestly hope the devs update the game to punish you campy little ♥♥♥♥♥es. however that won't happen, because to many whiney sociopaths that like to que up alone to live out their phantasy of being a killer. ever person is playing the trapper. the trapper is completely broken, its not fun to randomly run into bear traps that were for the most part unavoidable. seriously, this game has no balancing to it in the slightest.1 - killer is faster then survivors, fair enough2 - trapper has 6 bear trappers (maybe more) and believe me, your not going to disarm or sabotage the majority of them3 - half of all barriers that survivors can drop are so poorly placed that the killer actually saves time by going around...litrally making the mechanic redundant.4 - killers perks are by far better then anything the survivors get...whats that? survivors got rid of all the hooks on the map beside tha basement? pfft, ♥♥♥♥ that. killers got the iron grip perk meaning he can carry survivors for a complete lap around the map and straight to the basement.5 - killer gets slowed down after successful hits to allow survivors to get away....mother♥♥♥♥a i've got a perk for the to as the killer.6 - are the survivors hiding to well? ♥♥♥♥♥ please, i can see them through muther♥♥♥♥ing walls7 - killer is capable of flatout killing without a hook...i know this is a rare mechanic in the game, but it makes the entire idea of the game redundant if the killer doesn't need hooks.8 -  why was the game patched so that killers get points for disconnecting survivors...yet not the other way around? seriously, survivor gets jack ♥♥♥♥. not the killer though, because the dev team has a huge hard on for serial killers.9 - because now ever tryhard is playing the trapper killer, it's literally no different then the beta...have you played the beta? well then don't bother because unless you want to play one of the other two killers, you'll never see them. making every game fustrating, repetitive and boring.10 - i've mentioned camping killers right? why doesn't the game punish campers by harshly reducing their points if they stay near a certain distance of hooked survivors. the trapper has plently of time to stop any rescue because he has 100% placed bear traps infront of the hook.11 - notice how many of my points assume you are playing against a trapper...again, every ♥♥♥♥ing tryhard is playing the trapper! this game has become so stale because of that. nerf that ♥♥♥♥er or take him out entirely.i'll finally leave this off by informing you that i've had more bugs and game breaking glitches since the recent patches. now be honest, does that sound like a developer that you want to support in anyway. this is a sub par product, a cool idea but nothing more. this game has angered me quite a lot, and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mood that the game has put me in comes back the moment i consider playing this game again. wait for the "friday the 13th" game or the successfully kickstarted "last year" if you want a game that has similiar ideas. because this game is at best worth 5 bucks and maybe 2 hours of your time. i've played as much of this game as i can stomach so that i can say i gave this game a fair chance. i'll be avoiding this developer like the plaque they are, very disapointing product.
just do yourself a favour and wait till it's fully released....
there isn't anything special here...very bare bones game
what the appcrash
never got a chance to play it cos it kept crashing before it luanched i r8 9/11
♥♥♥♥ing horrible, like 3 or 5 servers and you get disconected after 10 minutes. dont waste your money on this. jesus i regret this.
horrible game, 90% of the map is full of nothing dont waste your time, trust me.
horrible
by far the worst fps experience i ever had, pay2win and no servers.
this game if ♥♥♥♥ing broke, you will get ♥♥♥♥ing angry playing this ♥♥♥♥, i've hit 3 shots in a row with the awp in the middle of the ct's chest, and when i walked away i got ♥♥♥♥ing teleported back to where i was and died, ♥♥♥♥ing fix this ♥♥♥♥!
not cool at all.horrible pvp, since there are not much servers, you can fight a chinese guy when ur from africa, and many other incredibly combinations, and 90% of the time your weapon is gonna be a bow, making it literally impossible.looting is not worth many times, there are lots of places to search, but you may end looting a whole building and end up finding ground coffe. ammo is a joke, super rare to find, and when you finnaly find them they are in like 1 or 2 bullets, and you cant craft them.some of the updates only ♥♥♥♥ the game even more, removing some craftable items that are impossible to get or making them way harder to make.and honestly, wy the ♥♥♥♥ an alpha game as a ♥♥♥♥ing crate system that contains items that are worth over 100$ ??? the custumizable skins that you get in the crate could be looted and it would be way way more fun, but no, the devs just want you money.- 3/10
a while ago this was one of, if not the best online flash game i had ever played. you would be so engrossed in grinding items with the one fear of losing it all because your computer would lag when you spammed your "escape to nexus" key.however once kabam took over, the game has lost its touch. although there are many new aspects that have been added to the game, such as new dungeons, weapons, pets, i feel that the cons outweigh the pros.too much stuff has become purchasable, enemy and item spawn rates have been dramatically decreased. worst of all the highest tier weapons have become untradable. the only way to get them is to grind them (which now takes 100 times as long) or use your money to get them directly, or speed up the process. this of course is stupid as you will probably lose all the items anyway, resulting in a waste of money.all in all this once amazing, rage-inducing, time-wasting game that 99.99% of people who played it enjoyed has gone from f2p to p2w. i'm sure 99.99% of people who play it now would agree with me that this game has become worse since kabam took over.
developers abandoned an unfinished game, do not trust these devlopers on futher early funding schemes
all cars handle like trucks, bad optimisation for pc, great on console
the idea of dayz is creative and very complex. in this game you have players, zombies and the world itself. the world is nice, with nice forrests and beautiful sun effects, also nice water details. on the other hand, the dayz player community is mostly utterly ♥♥♥♥. atleast more then 70% of the players consist of "bandits", which kill you on sight from a distance and steal your backpack. i didnt meet many people who are really helpful and give you items. now, to the issue which bothers me the most. zombies are not really a problem, i mean they glitched around nearly a year but hey, this problem got fixed. so, the issue that bothers me is the very, very slow development of the game after more then a year. on the start they showed us a pay-method where you could save money if you buy it as an early access game, so that they get funds and develop it faster (that it reaches beta). but after more then a year we are still in alpha. mayor updates introduce items they promised nearly a year ago. (seriously?)and fix bugs players had for over 1/2 a year. it develops way to slow for the starting hype, so there is no wonder they lose more and more players after a year. if you want to decrease the complaint and rise the player-rate like it used to be, try to make this game more entertaining and mainly, try to develop it faster.
considero una verguenza por parte de los desarrolladores dar una versión para pc de esta manera. el juego es genial, excelentes gráficos, diversión por doquier, pero es injugable. hay un lag galopante, los menús se quedan tildados, todas las transiciones se traban e incluso el juego se queda congelado cuando uno intenta salir del escritorio. dudo mucho que por más parches que saquen esto se solucione. por lo tanto, no recomiendo la compra del mismo.
i want a refund. this has got to be the worst pc service ever.uplay can choke on it for ripping every pc gamer off.
sucks!!!!!
not close to total war!not worth it, i hardly ever play it :(
played this randomly on a whim, not really expecting too much, but was impressed and really enjoyed it, a lot. found it to be one of the most fun games i've ever played, so much so that it is now one of my top ten favorites.it's well made, since everywhere you look, it's apparent that loads of work has gone into the making of it, (and still is).i'd rate it 9.5 out of 10. when they add nintendo and sega characters i'll probably give it the 11/10 it deserves.yknow... i rarely bother to review games, but i almost skipped over this because i nearly let myself be influenced by others' negativity and angry-mob-like opinions. so, i'm adding my own.update: forget everything above. i used to be a fan, but now i am angry like everyone else. di$ney doesn't care about it's pc fans. tldr; find a different game.
you cant fudging get any thing
i'd like to immediately point out that if you are looking for a way to learn the rules of magic: the gathering, and happened to spy this title in the free-to-play section and think to yourself, "a free way to play magic that teaches me the rules and is intuitive? yes please!", or if you're a veteran magic player like myself and saw this thinking, "oh boy, wizard's released their new dotp game! i hope it's just like dotp201x and a far better improvement on dotp2015", then steer clear; you will be sorely disappointed at wizard's newest "game" in the series.let me highlight the good point first and give credit where credit is due.a deckbuilding system that is fairly lenient and pretty creative. yes we had this in 2015 and it was one of the only good things from that game.a storyline that is somewhat fun and interesting to follow. though the cinematics were a bit lackluster and can't hold a candle to warcraft iii cinematics from 2002, the lore following each planeswalker is a nice touch to add backstory. then again you can look it all up on the internet, so that doesn't count for much.origins cards and planeswalkers. for god knows how long people have wanted planeswalkers in these games and we finally have them. also a mixture of origins and non-standard cards makes for some interesting decks, if you have the time to unlock them.enjoy that little list of good stuff? alright. now let's bust some balls.buggy interface and connectivity issues. this was inevitable. all dotp games have had some form of interface problem or online connectivity issue. most usually get patched out fairly quickly. but needing to consistently reconnect to save coin progress? enchanted creatures not displaying correctly after zooming? spells and abilities mistargeting? players disconnecting mid-game or having games hang? you'd be better playing mtgo.deck construction limitation. this garbage again. 4 commons, 3 uncommons, 2 rares, 1 mythic. an attempt at balancing deck construction, but ultimately restricting our creativity with decks. i'd much rather have dotp2014's system of unlocking cards for specific decks, and have other decks as dlc packs.archetype quests. apparently decks don't identify as a two-colour deck unless you use their deck building "wizard". in short, you pick a card out of 5 shown to you. it then uses the cards you've picked to suggest other cards, place them in front of you, and you pick one. not only does it feel like you're building decks in hearthstone, these decks are horrendously underpowered in comparison to what a person with basic deckbuilding skill can create in the full deck builder. ~but you can't earn coins from quests unless you use the deck wizard~coins and boosters. dotp2014 had you pay to play sealed, but that was fairly cheap and you got 6x 15 card packs. dotp2015 had you unlock cards through campaigns on specific planes, but they were 15 card packs, and there was an option of some premium cards. what does this give you? 6 cards per pack, at $2 per pack yep, if you don't want to play god knows how many games to save up 150 coins to buy 1x 6 card pack, you can pay $2 to get 150 coins to buy that pack. so it now becomes 3x slower than normal just to unlock the commons for my deck. and if i'm building a particular colour and the pack has nothing good for that colour? oh well! try playing more duels and saving more coins for another pack! or buy coins to get the cards faster!this game is a disaster. there are just so many issues with it; so many things that should not be. had they just made a $15 game like in the past with pre-built decks and unlockable card pools for them, maybe everything would've been fine. dotp is supposed to be a fun way to introduce players to the game with interesting decks, and chaotic matches combined with unique game modes like archenemy and planechase. this is just a money grab, and a poor attempt at it. you shouldn't be paying for a collection of cards like this unless they're physical or on mtgo. if you're looking for a dotp game that is serious fun, i would lean towards dotp2012, 2013, or 2014. this doesn't deserve our time or attention.
to hard to get resoursces youll find thiings the die straight away a definate no buy!
players online : 2who were those players? me and my friend.
don't get me wrong, this game is fun as hell. but if you are new to the game don't even bother playing, you are just going to get wrecked by older players it's impossible to do anything without getting yelled at by other players. this game is not worth the time i put into it.
horrible p2w piece of garbage.
pay to win piece of sht that is impossible to play in australia. maybe get an oceanic server, ching chongs?
gta 5 game is a good game i love playing into the ♥♥♥♥ing online stops working for no reason and keeps say you offline why does that keep happen can any tell me if they update the game and fix it would be soo much better i been try to fix it for weeks have not came up with and thing it really starting to ♥♥♥♥ me off if anyone know how send me a way to fix it that would be great
i liked it but than came alone all of the disconections :(
for those who thinks that this game is fun,well it's looks fun but not really.you will need to sign up for a acc to play it and it doesn't have a server for this game.this is a piece of ♥♥♥♥!don't waste your money on this game, you will regret that.i can't even know how it's play and how good it's the graphic
just dont even.
the game is really bad. almost p2w and the game is highly glitchy. when shot you flinch crazyily it's almost hard to shoot them after that. weapons spread is so high its amost impossible to hit the enemy. spawns are also crazed as i spawn on roofs, near groups of enemies. 2/10
i really want to enjoy this but i can't. i signed up for the beta ages ago within the very early stages of this game. when i finally was able to play i coulnd't, too many bugs and all. one major problem i had was mouse acceleration. still not fixed to this day.
i dont full on recommend this game. it is quite bland but can supply some fun if you want to blow the crap out of some zombies.
great game. developers have no morals.buy it but feel guilty.
 a well designed game but the game mechanics get old very very quickly.
enemy is not stronk enough. 0/10
...
this is the worst game i have played to date. i payed $1 on a steam sale and i still feel ripped off. but i will go into detail and pretty much say what every other negative review has said so far (btw this is my first negative review ever)the prosthis game looks great. i love the art style. i hope the art department gets the $1 i spent on this game because they are the only ones in the company that deserve any money for this thing.the conspretty much everything else, but let me go into detail.-the biggest one, the controls. they are completly useless, and don't fool yourself this isn't a simple remapping problem solved kinda thing. the way they are divided between keys and how they interact is the issue.-the backflip, what can i say it looks nice. who ever came up with the mechanic for it tho you should of fired on the spot. sprint, change direction and jump. ok ok that really not so bad, but the overly long and overly complex (complex for the controls not complex for a sidescrolling game) platforming parts its a nightmare to pull off and is punished serverly.-the combat at first seems kinda nice, slashing everywhere and blood and all. then 2 min after the first fight and ur fighting mobs on boths sides you realise it only registers one key press at a time. which then leads to the next problem.-your gonna get hit. which is fine. but the knock down and getting up animation is so slow i might as well get up and get myself a drink in the time it takes to completly which then causes enemies to juggle you around a fair bit. which leads me to the next point (getting good at these segways tho)-the enemies. i think there are like 6 in total or something like that. not even 6 types with varying skins. nope flat out cut and paste 6 types. most of which make no sence. a weird toad thing, a rocket knife? wtf? (and more segwaying)-there is no story to this at all. not even a hint of way. space invaders has more of a story to it than is. yet magiclly having no storyline at all they manage to still make it not fit in with any of the bloodrayne story. oh shes working with brimstone? wonder if they are going to explain why she is after the events of the 2nd game - nope, oh shes fighting kagan her father again? wonder if they are going to explain how he is still alive after being decapitated in the 2nd - nope. wait maybe this is before all that (ignoring that there are rockets and lasers)? nope you kill him at the end. i would say thats a spoiler but you will probably stop playing this 50% of the way into it.tl;dr - if you like playing a platformer with broken controls thats 80% luck based then you have hit a gold mine with this game. if you were looking for a sidescroller hack and slash game that added to the bloodrayne storyline then its a completly waste of time.
this game is absolutely stunning. beautiful graphics combined with amazing core gameplay and sheer strategy just blows me away. the fundamentals take a steep curve in your learning capabilities but once you get the hang of it, it becomes a beautifully solid game. absolutely great strategy game with awesome capabilities. 20/10 would bang twice
♥♥♥♥ online service
cuando tenga las armas bien equipadas al tope, con mira,tambor, culata, etc y es hermoso... pero se volvió basura cuando se compran armas con plata real y demás que vienen ya equipada :c y los atuendo son horrible, si quieres un atuendo mejor bueno tiene que pagar plata real.se volvió un pay to win d: y lo peor para unirse una partidas online, son aleatorio y siempre topa con nivel 20 hacia arriba xd
ganhei de um amigo para realizar uma troca,o conceito parece bom no tutorial e no modo versus contra você mesmo,ou seja,um dos bonecos ficam parados,quando se trata de jogar em multiplayer,possuem apenas 5 servidores do us,e que por sinal nunca carregam. se você pretende gastar dinheiro neste jogo,esqueça isso,procure algo que preste.
-positivo:  vasto mundo,no qual você pode escolher seus mentores,tanto heróis quanto vilões,e consequentemente jogar no mundo relacionado aos seus mentores. boa diversificação do personagem. mini jogos incluídos,alguns com bots,outros contra outro jogadores. o jogo foi criado para ser jogado online (pelo pouco tempo que joguei tentei jogar offline mas não tive sucesso,não sei atualmente se mudou alto,mas antes nem conectava se você não estivesse com internet.)-negativo: o jogo foi feito para os fãs da dc universe,se você não é tão fã,o jogo não vai te prender. o jogo é muito difícil mesmo sendo online,na maioria das vezes seus inimigos serão muitos níveis acima do seu,incluindo a dificuldade de derrotar apenas um. algumas quests podem bugar,o que fode tudo porque você é obrigado a desconectar e retornar ao jogo para re-fazer a missão e não são nada fáceis. o jogo é muito pesado,se você não tem um pc com muita memória nem tente pois seu pc pode explodir kkkkkkkk. existem áreas que você pode explorar,por seu um jogo aberto,porém são áreas dominadas por clãs ou até mesmo áreas de seus inimigos,a menos que você seja forte e furtivo,poderá talvez chegar em sua área vivo,caso contrário,você será alvo fácil. se vir um inimigo muito forte acima do seu nível,não tente atacá-lo mesmo que outros aliados seus estejam dando "montinho" nele na covardia,pois esses caras com certeza vão matar todo mundo e você que estava lá atacando ele,vai morrer com 1 golpe só,uma ♥♥♥♥ humilhação. não faça rixa com clãs,eles podem te caçar por toda eternidade,inclusive te atrapalhar em missões de tempo entre outros objetivos. é engraçado ver por este lado,mas quando joguei de vilão,muitos outros vilões me davam mais suporte do que quando era herói,muito heróis que estavam lutando comigo,quando viam que um cara era mais forte que eu,todos corriam e fugiam e te deixavam pra morrer,já os vilões os caras ficavam até morrer,ou seja,se for ser herói,lembre-se que vai seguir um destino sozinho como o batman. os gráficos não são tão legais,mesmo em boa resolução,parecem bonecos plástificados,é tosco.
if god were a jew, he's hate it too.
 be warned; i have not finished the main story of this game. this is my review after playing 21 hours of the game across multiplayer, free roam and the campaign. light spoilers ahead. i never had any issues with the graphics or stuttering and this game ran fine for the most part, but despite that i still cannot reccomend this game. the story is boring to the point of being a chore with filler missions galore. when you think you've gotten close to the end the game slaps you with another few missions and an entirely new antagonist. i couldn't even bring myself to continue. the hacking is a gimmick that is rarely put to use in interesting ways, instead you often just find yourself robbing people with rich bank accounts so you can buy another outfit or the next gun and the driving, which you will spend a lot of time doing, is mediocre at best. it's hard to care about the characters in this game when they come in two flavours, hackers and people you need to rescue from hackers. dialogue is often cheesy to the point of being hilarious. "the ip is coming from that room!"all up, the one thing this game did well was the city. it was fun to explore and actually felt crowded, but otherwise this game falls very far short of it's competitors. as it is, i cannot reccomend this game.
total dogshitno anti-cheathackers everywhere if you must play one of these garbage survival games then just go play rust, at least the dĩcks there are decorative
a very odd title, this game looks as though it is marketed towards a younger audience however has violent themes out of the way puzzles and infuriating diffuclty spikes. i recommend not getting this
this is a very decent looking game marketed to the younger audience, however the difficulty on the bots is set to the base of hacker level
they promissed that it would deffinetly not! going to be pay to win...they lied
short and sweet:do not buy this early access hoping for any lasting entertainment with friends.in it's alpha state the developers have not made it easy for player interaction through the game.the map is 220square km's! there are no vehicles yet, hope you like running aimlessly finding one of the 39 other players.there are a lot of useless items often with useless descriptions on how to use them.you cannot spawn reliably with friends, you must find them often taking hours.zombies are still buggy and walk through doors and combat ridiculous.this review is for the current alpha state and to give a perspective for players wanting to jump in expecting a zombie survival experience with friends.this review will be changed when core mechanics are solid.
♥♥♥♥
it doesn't tell you how good your cpu has to be 4 mac and my cpu can't handle it even though its the latest macbook pro. soooo sad cos it looks really fun. any help on how to fix this?
>pay2day
i tried to like this game, i really did but...nothing about the game seems finished... including the actual game. taking the episode approch, if you want to even finish this game you'll have to pay for the inital game and then for each new episode. the entire game is buggy to the point where simply trying to play the game gets frustrating. if you progress though the story, try to do a simple dilevery quest, try to farm... i assure you you will find a bug that makes it unplayable. i can understand early release on games for a community that have waited a long time but ... is it to much to ask for the core game mechanics to be functional prior to "release"?finally, the towns people... i know they have a secret... i understand it is part of the story (even if you can't get immersed in the story due to the aforementioned bugs which ruin it)... i can even accept that no one is ever where they are suppose to be (i'm talking to you store owners... 9-5 means 9-5 not 10 and only 10... maybe but fridays only... one day a month) but do the towns folk really have to treat the player like absolute garbage? you move in and they quite literally treat your existance there as a crime... it's a farming sim not a maximum security prison. i have to child proof my house because i am worried my little farming buddy might have some suicidal tendencies with all the from all the abuse. it will make it very hard to forgive them when... if they ever view you as a friend. i can't play the game as it is right now... i will give it one more chance when it is complete but as of now nothing about this game is fun. harvest moon got it right just stick with them for now.
terriaria is a bad game because its gameplay is terrible, its sandblocks are bad, the world isn't big and so much more. i can't list all the bad this about this game because there is so much to hate about this game!
continually crashes on launch... so i have been unable to access the "game"
first, i am only not recommending this because most people will play it then get a refund anyway, which seems pretty gross. it's $3, just deal with itit's just too much of a tease. there is some amazing art direction and pixel graphics, the music is on point, the voice acting is okay (the police chief is a bit david hayter), but the whole thing is just a polished vessle for a story, and that story just failed to satisfy my interest.i was so into the opening, the very original use of establishing shots and the pace was lovely, but then the game reaches a climax and just ends.*spoilers*there was a glitched-out post-credits sequence i got which revisited the game's environments, before remixing the final conversation with the droid, but this just raised more questions. i thought perhaps more would be revealed through successive playthroughs, but it was the same.ultimatly, the game left me with the feeling that the designer/writer had a vision for a setting and a setup, but didn't have a strong enough statement to make, and thus the final product came off as a bit wishy-washy and vague.
deranked and played with kids that are insanely childish and toxic. great match making system
this game will be forever stuck in development hell.
esta asquerosamente optimizado, es increible que con 8gb ram, dual intel xeon y una gtx 960, te vaya a fps con drops, es increible treyarch, gracias por hacerlo increible, haciendome creer que seria bueno comprarlo para pc, optimizen cuanto antes esta ♥♥♥♥♥♥
this game did not work for me as you can see i spent one hour of game time on it so i do not know that much the gameplay is well done i will give it that much but it needs more support for its players and the servers need to be fixed i want to recomend this game but i can not because i did not even get to play it for over 20 minutes
use $$ to be the best. -10/10
best thing about this beta is that you can play the game for 45 minutes and see how amazingly bad it is without having to waste your money on it.
this is a great game, i really enjoyed it, good story, doesn't feel linear, and was fun. the only reason i can’t recommend it is because of the price vs playtime. i finished the game in only 3 hours, which for the price i paid for it seems like a rip off, and i don’t believe there’s too much replayability. if it was $10 cheaper i would highly recommend it.
why is there stamina bar when you can like kill someone when you're out of stamina?  even dark souls had better combat than this pos.
annoying memory leaks, whichs causes long long lag spikes less than 1 fps which last for a few minutes at a time.
i know alot of people will disagree but the community is really bad, the gam requires a larger graphics card then one that can run the new batman game, so far its a horrid experience, i hope it gets better!!
had to stop playing.i don't normally get motion sickness but this game made me feel physically sickwouldn't buy
todavia no me deja jugarlo!
i'll keep it sharp and sweet.pro's:had new guns, new enemies and new objectives and abilities.playable claptrapcon's:game broke first day of release.pre-order maps not avalible in australia.took over 15 days of steam support and 2k assistance to get game working. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early pumped out game that was just borderlands 2 extended dlc type content. felt like no real story behind characters unlike in bl2.keys won't unlock weapons equal to or over the characters level, constant lvl 15 greens to a lvl 32 claptrap is just wasting a key.overall it had new content but nowhere near worthy of being called the borderlands pre-sequel in their series. tales of the borderlands had a better story and it was a side game ffs. would not recommend: 2/10
worst game ever.i swear the designers did a line before releasing this cause the fools reckon playing with a xbox 360 controller, that using both hands on the far right to perfom basic attacks or even combos is what someone wants to do.that means you can not move around like the older versions and fight, you have to have both hands on the right stick and the buttons 99% in a fight which is ridiculous. spent over a hour looking through all ther settings and there is no way you can change any of the buttons to accommodate your playing style or feel. wwe 2k15 was nothing compared to it's ps2 version.i give this broken game a 2/10.that 2 goes to the high res nips on john cena in the title menu.
the single player in this game is great. but if you want to play coop or multiplayer toss it out the trash. if you wanted to play spies vs mercs you have to be level 5 just to play te most popular gamemode. but no one plays the ones that are for new players! i feel like instead of making you reach a level they should just go ahead and let you play it. it makes the multiplayer lack in any fun. i sat in a lobby for hours and everyone that had come in to the lobby just left. now about the coop, if your a low ranked people that are higher ranked are just going to leave. rank in this game is really bad. some people just want to play the game in multiplayer and coop but its all based around rank. also, uplay.
amazing! amazing, pax sivir skin for league of legends. check it out it really works!try it out now at: {link removed}http://bit.ly/freepaxsivir
this mother ♥♥♥♥ing game is not working ive try to do everything it wont ♥♥♥♥ing work
"this game remind me of my ex-girlfriend !" -0/10 i cried*
it keeps on crashing
♥♥♥♥♥
did you really want to find a ******* excuse not to buy this epic game? go **** yourself and buy it, lol.
boring game with little to no plot, got bored, will not recommend...
when i tried playing this game got about 5 minutes into the game and it bricked my computer..... i think it has blown my onboard stereo and microphone aswell.... gave my computer an epileptic attack.
dont like it :( it crashes me
**this is an australian review. everything mentioned is on australian servers**dont buy it. it will just make you mad. the community in this is possibly worse then ebola, and it gave me autism. occasionally you will have a game where the outcome is not influenced by lag or unbalanced builds/characters but the majority of your games will be laggy cluster ♥♥♥♥s of overpowered spam.i have played 400+ hours and have become thouroughly addicted. for your mental and physical health and safety i dont recommend this game.*edit*every patch they break it even more in the name of balance. there is no balance here..
*edit as of   01/2015*if you havent got it already, and if you havent already dedicated a lot of time to this game it is extremely hard to establish a foothold in the game. you will be facing people with one shot, long range weapons that are just hours and hours of painfull chain dieing gameplay out of your reach.however:great game. strong mechanics and ultimately a smooth gameplay experience. graphically demanding but it runs smoothly on most computers on low graphics at around 25-40 fps. no problems until it wouldnt verify my game and had to install but to be expected after the sudden influx of players they received. thumbs up and please for gods sake add australian servers..
i spent 50 bucks on this, my friends paid 80 bucks on this and this goes free2play???!!??!! wtf turtle rock you cash grabs!!!! i didnt even get anything like skins or exclusive sh** wtf i hate you cash grabs who take money and dont give back. id rather play damn left 4 dead, that repetitive ♥♥♥ game than this. that said this game is still repetitive if not more repetitive than damn l4d or l42. other than your average hunters you start off with, you need to pay to get hunters, and monsters. i spent 50 bucks i better get something out of this. this is more of a complaint than a review im sorry but still give it a try but still just dont support the game by spending at all.....................
gaben, bury this in the desert with e-t for the atari.don't even waste 92mb of your bandwidth on this.
its free to play, no aus servers, would b a great game if it wasnt for the 300ping 7/10
the low tier waiting times are way too long. i've been waiting for 10 mins and haven't got a game.
people are always underground, rails are to op and they've screwed up areofoils.gg robocraft.
absolute garbage
uses live, if you don't login, you can't save.a good game let down by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ save system.
bad performance issues non original ideadifferent from other game in it serieswas great game on the "psp" but i thought the experience was different. the open map idea from 'need for speed' but i personally burnout series i saw was much different from nfs. i like the old modes on the burnout like rampage which was always fun. also the multiplayer was almost existent since last time i played. think you still can find this game in a cheap bundle.
truth about cs:goit's sh!t isn't like the classic.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1qe6ogmskw - how valve treats cs:go
this is kind of the first time playing it so this will be a first impressionthe story is pretty good i enjoyed it and it was interesting, lots of characters, average weapons but this is the start of the game so i say it pretty good but and a big butthe controls felt clunky and often led to my death, often fighting against the controls, wall jumping was extremely odd and felt really weird, blocking was useless, tutorial... what tutorial???, they dont explain things such as some magic abilities and enemies and the mana keys, there is an odd rush of bosses that often leave you un-prepared and often feeling not ready for them (they also rank you for the bosses) and the map is kinda useless as well... so yeh i didnt really have a fun time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxqxg40wcta rip payday, you were a good friend....sadly you were brought down by your friends (csgo and tf2). you have to get off it man, leave the microtransactions behind, your tearing this community apart. i will always remember the payday that said "no. no. god, i hope not" about microtransactions, i want you to be remembered for the amazing game you were and not what you have become, a lair and sell out. rip to my old friend and sadly i will never hear a cloaker again (clicks uninstall button).
if you like dried up man faeces this is your type of game10/10 would like dried up man faeces again
gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
ha gaaayyyy
bueno con  600 horas de rust puedo decir que el juego en si la idea esta muy bien extremadamente bien otra cosa es como implementen esta idea en el juego  se basa en un apocalipsis nuclear o almenos eso creo pero en cada update meten cada cosa  en el devblog solo ves que el garry siempre tiene problemas o algo asi y algunas imagenes para dar hype  que alfinal son implementadas cuando el juego cambia totalmente  (helicoptero en el legacy donde?) ademas de  contar con un sistema pvp muy poco variado siempre es llegar  disparar y te vas a la ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sin contar que cuenta con un sistema pve casi inexistente amenos que quieras lanzarle una lanza y flechas a un  helicoptero de transporte de infanteria  armado hasta los dientes  d: a este juego le falta mucho en varios aspectos el antihack donde? en lo que llevo jugando rust me e topado con 3 hackers la mayoria con speedhack super jumping e aimbot en este momento me pregunto mmm el antihack funciona? bueno este es mi analisis el juego era bueno hasta las recientes updates la ultima ves que vi  la cantidad de jugadores que juegan eran 13000 claro de segun e leido 1000000 de copias que se han vendido del juego
20/21 minutes were spent on a black screen 0.6/10 its not even good
gets boringi could buy more hats for less money
0/10 knives cost less irl
recently valve added a revolver to the game that one shots at the body. do not buy, this ruins the game.
you suck noob mum
your dead nan
don't get me wrong, the game is great! but i simply can't let these issues go by:why i don't care about the f2p change:the game was dying, so they made it free to try to save their game. am i ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off for losing 60 bucks? yes, i am. but they had to do this or i would never have the chance to enjoy this game again. also, the founders edition gives people who bought the game a lot of stuff, they also promised to make even more little things for the people who have been supporting them since the start. this means that us, founders, the people who really cared for this game, will continue to get more exclusive itens. in short, the reason for this review isn't the f2p change, it's because  of the stupid ways they changed the game to please idiots who played 2 minutes of the game and started screaming ♥♥♥♥ about the it. *cof* *cof* angryjoe *cof* *cof*. what they have ♥♥♥♥ed up:they made the dome a shared ability, something i do not agree with since it takes away a huge part of being a trapper and also discourages teamwork. also, you can't miss. but that barely scraches the surface of the problem, they also added regenerative health and even though it's already way too fast, there are perks that can greetly speed it up. the medic only becomes useful during combat, which now it's the focus of the game. there's no such thing as stealth, there's only planet scanners every 30 seconds who force the monster to constantly run, actually he doesn't need to run, because he can teamwipe at stage 1. in fact, they should call this game not evolve. they also decreased the dropship time to a minute and a half, there goes one of emet strengts. what they turned the game into:in short, they turned a game about hunting into a massive monster batteling cluster♥♥♥♥, made evolve not worth evolving and destroyed teamwork. this game is broken gameplaywise and they need to remove this friendly piece of ♥♥♥♥ mechanics that they decided to add. people who started playing now won't even notice, but we do, and if this doesn't get changed we will forever miss what evolve used to be.ps: where did all the maps and modes go?
awesome game, horrible company (like evolve).microtransactions have been added to the game, even after the developers saying that they would never ever do it.these horrible greedy companies have been doing this for a while now, but overkill got to a whole new ♥♥♥♥ing level! they gave us their word and then 3 years after they spit and throw this garbage at your face and tell you to eat it, hoping that you forgot their promise.i'll tell you what, if you're that type of idiot who buys call of duty every year plus all the dlcs. go ahead, get into this cluster♥♥♥♥. whoever, if you have any brain cells left in your little head after being brainwashed by reading all the positive reviews, don't buy this. don't be a ♥♥♥, don't accept this right up your ♥♥♥.this is a warning! if people accept this, it'll become acceptable like dlcs. what's next overkill? do you plan on becoming an ea division, because i'll tell you something. you're going on the right ♥♥♥♥ing direction!you deserve to die, because everyone in this ♥♥♥♥ing company are simply money ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥s! did i made my point? well, i think i did. get your refund before it's too late.
你只有扮演过游戏里的怪物，才能知道这游戏为什么当初一个月即鬼服、为什么媒体平均给分才77分、为什么玩家好评率才61%在此，为所有扮演怪物，并且能打败人类方的玩家，致敬！没有你们这群花钱玩了许久的老手，我们这群新人怎么能知道这游戏这么有挑战性（谁买谁傻逼）啊！
 一定不要在游戏时间到200小时以前给好评，因为很重要所以我懒得说第二遍！！！
hunk a junk lol
ก็สนุกดีนะครับแต่ขอเสียเลยคือ(บอกกันตรงๆ)เซิปยังไม่ดีนะครับถ้าเล่นก็ยังมีกระตุกอยู่เล่นอยู่ดีๆfpsตกมาอยู่10หรือไม่ก็7เลยละครับแล้วก็ไม่สามารถฝากของได้มันจะทำให้รู้สึกโมโหตอนของตกแต่ให้ลองเล่นก่อนก็ได้ไม่ว่าอะไรนะครับ
nogood
是好游戏不过现在玩不了了，对中国人太不友好
slow
vale ♥♥♥♥♥ no puedo jugar con mis amigos, si alguien sabe dígame.
an addictive game, don't care about graphics, care about having fun and that's it, the whole story is based on assassin's creed 2, so you know, it's kinda boring, i do prefer ac2 :dmultiplayer mode is almost dead, no one plays it, it's hard to find matches, i haven't... yet.8.5/10
would not recommend this game at all, as a lot of people have said you have to pay to get good and basically play, and the game is basically dead.3/10
♥♥♥♥, every time i click launch/play it opens in a tiny ♥♥♥ window that never loads or anything.
no.....just no.....
gets to boring too fast
gabe doesnt need to make another cs go
when greenlight ♥♥♥♥s up, the guy manufacturing all these horrible games should be shot
don't. not yet.
if you want a casual moba on steam, play strife.
just adding my voice to the choir about the skins.a utterly stupid idea made worse by the fact that overkill is double-dipping with both paid dlc, and now microtransactions.having one is annoying, but understandable, having both is an unconciable moneygrab.if you thought this game wouldn't join the 'money comes first' club after the hype train, shame on you for thinking otherwise
it seems too serious to really be killing floor. no "♥♥♥♥♥♥", no "dosh", no over the top british accents, no hyper gore, no silly weapons. it would have been alright as a standalone movie, but not as something with killing floor's name attached to it
had some fun playing it, and i would recommend it for people who live near america and europe (it's actually quite a good game!). but i had problems with my game crashing and the game being so laggy that i couldn't even control the "ball" against bots because of lag.will come back when more servers are introduced :|
drecks spiel
 the game ampu-tea overiew of the review another 'simulator' game trying to riding the coat tails of surgeon simulator. this game is tea-dious, frustra-tea-ing, and lacks quali-tea. what it's about ampu-tea is a surgeon simulator inspired game where you are an amputee fitted with a robotic arm and are tasked with making a cup of tea. in the style of ss, you control your robo-hand to attempt assembling different kinds of teas with the mouse and keyboard. the silly control style provides a challenge to this otherwise simple task and it will test your patience and eventually lead to some chaos. my experience playing this game honestly, this game was a disappointment, and i wasn't even expecting anything from it. my experience playing this game was mostly frustration, thanks to the awful controls and mechanics.there is no grip to pick up anything, so i had to rely on pushing things across the table with the hand and trying to balance cup handles around the fingers. speaking of the fingers, grabbing with them is incredibly slow and insensitive, along with the hand rotation. it took me half an hour of messing around just to make one cup of tea because of how fragile the mugs are, how easy it is to knock the shelf off the table, the painful journey of moving the cup from each station, and how easy it is to break the arm itself.there is little variety in what types of drinks you can make, and no story or real motivation to make them except for a sticky note. the game description mentions being the son of an earl, but i found no connection to that in the game. the achievements are (despite the shocking controls) fairly easy to get, minus the one for opening the game 500 times which i did not have the patience for. there are trading cards, but i uninstalled the game before i had enough game time to collect them.the only highlight i managed to draw from this game was being able to flip the table in rage. that's about it. i wish i had more to say. summary and recommendation in short, ampu-tea relies on the 'joke game' factor and being a silly game for youtubers to play. there are no outstanding features in this game besides being pointlessly difficult and having more 'keep calm's and 'epic fail's than is socially acceptable. it is not worth the $4.99 price tag, but if you really want to play it, wait for it to hit 90% off  on a sale at $0.49. i personally did not enjoy this game and i would not recommend it.
when i saw this i thought it looked really damn awesome and i was reallly looking forward to it. i patiently waiting for it to download and install. and then when it was finally finished i launched the game. it sat on a white screen for about half an hour and it is still on that white screen whenever i launch the game. please help me. i want to play but i cant.
what ever you do, do not play this game.its so bad i'm not even kidding. it should cost the same as badrats.terrible controls.horrible graphics tha kill your computer no matter what gpu you have.full of 12ies that all you a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a ♥♥♥♥. so yeah don't play this game
like alot of others that have reviewed this game i have played previous games in the series. my review is therefor influenced by the fact that, heading into this game, i was expecting something that offered freedom. i was dissapointed. the levels are completely linear and not at all what i was hoping for in a modern hitman experience.
why the ♥♥♥♥ did they add and island if you cant even swim without all ur gear teleporting to the bottom of the ocean where u cant get it? pure genius. bohemia interactive should be barred by law preventing them from developing any more dissapointments they call games. they have the ideas but cannot bring them to life without ♥♥♥♥ing it up. you would think that in 3 years they can optimize the game but no i have to go in the game files and do it myself they would rather add guns that dont even spawn thanks to the bugs they leave in. they add vehicles but why would i need that when i can lag slide across the map? not to mention when i did get in a vehicle it got bugged into a rock and killed me. 10/10 would never buy any more dissapointments of bohemia interactive again.
used to be amazing combat was fluid movement felt smooth but now they have completely ♥♥♥♥ed everything that used to make this game so good. comabt feels rough and zombie hitboxes are ♥♥♥♥ed aswell everythings ♥♥♥♥ed bring back the old 7 days to die
if you're playing in southeast asia, don't do it. matchmaking will pair you up with extremely professional non-english speaking feeders, and it's going to be scrub stacks everyday. the team who wins simply has more pub stacks and doesn't instapick invoker. you'll get one good game out of maybe twenty, so unless you are willing to rage the other nineteen times, don't do it. since dota 2's all about teamwork, you will literally get cancer after watching your teammates play, and there goes an hour of your life. and when you're not losing due to crap teammates, you're stomping crap enemies, and your fun level will be as fun as bullying a child. don't suffer like i did, go play lol, because its the most fun thing on earth, and you won't ruin the average dota player's day by being "that" guy. go on, you know you want to.
i cannot recommend this in it's current state.it seems they did no testing before releasing the game as launching the game through steam launches the wrong .exe which just plays the intro movies. you can launch the game directly through the correct .exe however you'll be told to insert the cd to play. i'm really hoping this issue gets fixed as this was one of my favourite games as a kid but with a game this old i just don't see them ever fixing the issue.
it wont let me play it ill give it a 2/10
only issue with the game is the is no  australian servers or players most servers/players are american based so high ping for the australian guys :(
absolute ♥♥♥♥. it was fun in beta but now everyone is spread otut and it is just one big deathmatch full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.everythig done in this mod has been done better in others
game barely runs on my computer and i have a gtx 980 but graphics aside the game itself is boring as batshit.
never download this game because you can never close it don't do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
♥♥♥♥
cuntlicker
dayz in a nutshell: "oh a gun! now i can get my friends at cherno and i have a reason to survive! i could be a hero!"infestation in a nutshell: "ahh oh my god why is there a floating hammer hitting me?! where did this zombie come from?! oh look, i can buy hats! their pricey but i'm sure i'll be able to keep them after i die." *dies* "mother..... f**king.... zombiiiiees!!!!"this game is worthless, do not make the same mistake i did by buying it.negative eight out of ten.
dear devs,please finish a game before you stop developing it.thanks.
doesn't include all dlc.
edit 22/04/16: they aren't fixing this, they are once again neglecting pc players. shame.  please don't buy.sadly, it's hard to take a side with this game. 7.5/10 for gameplay. 0/10 for developer bull ♥♥♥♥.at the point of writing this review 26/4/15, this game shouldn't be purchased. it's riddled with bugs, uses large amounts of memory, should not be played without a gamepad and contains a few shonky business practices.however, i'm going to recommend it because (remember this my personal opinion) it's my favourite game of the franchise. it has a great story, good characters, longevity with online features and character specialties. i figure when the majority of people read this in the future most of the issues will be fixed. (god i hope so). edit: nevermind, it has no longevity due to the lack of support.
la verdad es que si no te gusta el castigo este juego no es para ti... te castigan por respirar, por mirar por habllar, me refiero a que te castigan por puras weas, y por una semana sin jugar competitivo pero lo peor es que este juego no perdona, ya que a mi hace algunos minutos me castigaron por "abandonar" pero no fue asi ya que mientras cargaba para entrar a la partida se me callo el internet & se me quedo pegado el juego cuando el internet volvio (30 segundos despues) & cerre el juego para iniciarlo & poder reconectarme pero no alcanze y me bannean por una semana??????? que penca wn!!!
lo que me disgusta de este juego es que solo puedan jugarlo personas mayores de 18 años, siendo que es muy obvio que la mayoría de niños o preadolescentes (menores de 18 años), ponen que son mayores de 18 años... cuando realmente no lo son, entonces encuentro injusto  que esto sea de tal manera, ya que si una persona mayor de 18 años pudiese equivocarse al introducir la fecha, desde ese mismo instante no podra jugarlo nunca, ya que el juego no da otra posibilidad de volver a introducir la fecha.pd: ojalá resuelvan este problema lo antes posible, gracias.
con el ultimo parche reciente dejaron la embarrada en el awesomenauts deberian haber nerfeado a ksenia y nibbs, pero no lo hicieron incluso nerfearon a quienes no debian como a froggy. si siguen asi mucha jente dejara de jugar awesomenauts, gracias...
actualisan el juego cada 2 minutos y cada actualisacion hace que el juego quede peor, si siguen asi muchos dejaran de jugarlo...
this game is a bore 90% of the game is recycled elements from other games and morphed it into one rigid reptitive piece of ♥♥♥♥.. bought this game for $5 from ♥♥♥ and i don't feel like playing it it's that reptitive.. but i will say the nemesis sytem in this ♥♥♥♥ game is a beacon of light and i am glad something like that exists and i hope we see it again soon in a different project or a sequel. 4.5/10
bought this game, 10+ gigabyte download on australian capped internet and uplay wont bloody work so i havent even been able to play the game i paid money for, why do i need uplay for this? so stupid
decent game. bad optimization
trying to escape the ss nostalgia while everything is invisible is not fun... literally everything in this game goes invisible at some point
it is dominated by people who use money to by better weapons and make it not fun for anybody who just use normal guns
infinity ward optimize the game! or f***ing give my money back!
money waste wallet emptydo not buygaben pls d:
je ne recommande pas du tous ce jeu pour des raisons évidante qu'il est réellement mal fait! j'ai joué qu'une heure dessus mais ça me suffit pour dire que ce jeu est pourri! j'ai test une compagne est bloqué sur les rebels:-les unités sont pas bien décrite (faut pointé la souris sur l'unité pour savoir ce qu'elles fait)-les unité rebels passifites sont inutiles (j'aurai penser a une unité mécano ou de récup mais rien de cela, j'en ai massivement utilisé comme unité kamikaze pour prendre des truc ou scanner la map)-le reste des unités rebels spnt pas mieux (toutes les unitées armé peuvent se faire 2 shots par un zombie)-pas d'attaque automatique en faisant un clique droit sur l'unité ennemie (alors vous me direz c'est peut être le clique gauche or le clique gauche sert a sélectionner les unités)-les endroits de recrutements d'unité rebels sont foireuse aussi (elles resstent toutes bloqué avec la phrase "partisant=10" sauf que dans certains endroit elles forment des rebels = 30!!!)-dans la capture de ressources, absolument rien t'indique combien tu gagne de ressources par pt capturé... génial pour savoir quand tu peux faire des unités avec le dis problème cité ci-dessus-pour pas aider, les unités rebels sont de véritable soldat en pate à modeler, un sniper ennemie et ils se font 1 shot, un piège à la con et tu perd facilement 10 hommes... crois moi que tu pleurs réellement quand tu en perd autant...alors certains me diront "ouai mais c'est qu'une béta, ça peut pas être parfait non plus" je répondrait qu'il y'a une différence entre parfait et pourrie, une accumulation de petit bugs comme cela entraine vite un dégout du jeu. source est connu pour avoir fait de bon jeux (certains counter-strike et half life 2 sont de très bon exemple) mais quand il s'agit de faire un jeux de stratégie sur hl2 (ou bien une campagne cs, avec condition zero et condition zero delete scene) les gens de source ne savent pas le faire correctement... je ne recommande pas de jouer à ce jeu ou bien au moins d'attendre qu'il ne soit plus en beta quite à ce qu'il devient payent (ils auront peut être corriger les beugs que l'on peut trouver à le 1ère mission hors ligne du jeu)
normally i post a positive review because i am always a giddy, joyful natured person, but with a game like this... no. for starters the devs probably know this game is crap because all they gave us for the game was 3d model in desc no gameplay. i have seen so many people request things but the devs couldn't care less. the camera is bad, infantry and sometimes vehicles just go through walls. and out of all the time i have played it just doesn't have that, fun feel. i highly recommend you do not buy the game. the only reason you should buy it (if you are crazy enough) is because it is the only quarter-decent military rts out there.
animals walk straight through the door. please fix
good game as far as offline goes but as for online what a joke laggy as all hell and theres basically no one ever online dead game is dead
looked really good untill i got stuck in a  trippy room fullof stairs that go nowhere and i couldnt leave the room just stuck in loading tried releading the games everal times
enjoy the experience of others enjoying experiences that you want to experience in this amazing simple and elegent package. 1/10 would have been zero but impossible. 
relive all of the pant soiling once more with a shoddy physics gun that attempts to make you care but fails every time. 6/10fear ranking: vanish napisan oxi-action approved!!
guys do not get this game, this game is literaly for 5 year olds because how simple this game actually is and how boring it is so if you were bored to hell and want something to do i suggest watching paint dry or banging your head agaisnt the wall for a few hours. they are much better than playing this game, trust me i have been there.
invisible zombies, teleporting zombies, zombies that can walk thru walls, zombies that can attack thru walls, zombies can hear you 50m away and can see you 400m away, broken zombies, framerate issues, teleporting players, dieing for no apparent reason, breaking legs from falling 1cm, breaking legs from running in a straight line, character moans in a sexual manner when sick, broken zombies, character is a fat f uck and is always hungry, connection issues, character is always cold despite being a fat f uck, character eats food and drinks water like he has a f uckin jaw impediment, broken zombies, and the worst part is it's exactly like the original mod in every way except for improved graphics, added items and a few other minor changes (for better and worst), oh yeah and the zombies are a f uck ton more broken in the standalone.if the devs spent as much time fixing the mechanics of the game then adding new items and s hit i could recommend this game, however considering it has been more than a year and a half in alpha and many elements of the game are still broken i would adivise gamers who have played the original mod to not to purchase the dayz standalone yet, as they are too similar for the $35 prince tag of the standalone.
i have never written a review in my life..and i wont wirite a review on this game as its not worth my time as the developers obviously dont think we are worth their timedont buy it.  its  feels as though i have been scammed.i want a refund..
i can play battlefield 4 on ultra but i cant play dayz with decent fps on normal, please don't buy this game
early access means way too many bugs. cant even move around because every 15 seconds the game teleports me to a new spawn. might update this review in 12 months... the game will either be less buggy or abandoned.
this game did not brought me back. harambe - out.
this game is trying way too hard to be 'deep'i realise this game is in early access, so i said to myself before playing this that i was going to ignore traditional aspects of a game, such as gameplay and graphics, and focus on the message it was trying to deliver.that message is an unoriginal one, it's one we would have all realised at some point in our lives. the game itself does not even do a good job at conveying the message. it did not make me think about life, or change my ways, nor did i find it in any way 'artsy'.if you want to give it a go, sure. it's a free and very small game, but it's still a waste of memory.this game is free and has 4 minutes of gameplay, yet i'm still disappointed.
no single player, really? if you say that there is going to be a single player mode, add a single player mode!
game crashed while trying to join friend's game.
can u not add anymore ♥♥♥♥ing guns volvo
civ is an interesting. at first the multiplayer system is buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and broken. and also the game isn't fun. plus the dlc costs near as much as the full game, and the dlc is only like 4 nations and a map. 1/10
its just kinda bad
o jogo n é muito bom, alem de ter varios tipos de personagens nao muda nada no campo de batalha, o jogo é de plataforma mas aparentemente tem muitos viciados(talvez hackers) pois matam com 1 tiro, alem de ganhar apenas 1 moeda de dinheiro e 2 de xp por kill as armas no shop são muito caras mas nao muda nada pois as melhores só da pra comprar com dinheiro de verdade como qualquer freetoplay! nao tem como 2 amigos jogarem na mesma sala como criar uma para ele entrar ou seguir nao tem isso no jogo, voce entra em um tipo de grande servidor como america, russia etc.os loadings de inicio duram quase 45 segundos para carregar, existem 3 loadings iguais a esse primeiramente para a tela inicial, segundo para entrar no jogo e terceiro para sair da partida. nao foi muito bem feito mas é um bom inicio.
this game is so ♥♥♥♥en bad, i like hard games, loved dark souls 1 and 2, rogue legacy an others to that i cbf mentioning, but there is nothing about this game that makes it good, yes your ment to die an manage your losses such as dead heros, money and stress but this game is more about luck than you learning from your mistakes and getting better. it feels more like a mobile game that they tried to port to computer, please dont buy this game
graphics: 8/10 great graphics. music: 4/10 dull. sounds: 4/10 slightly off. story: who knows i couldn’t bring myself to play long enough/10. combat: 2/10 suffers from floaty combat and mashing attacks, all weapons feel the same, useless magic / gauntlet, enemy’s move and attack on a pivot, there attacks go through wall and solid objects. even if this game goes on sale i wouldn’t buy it.
waste of my time
joined the first game-hacker
the game has been falsely marketed and is simply not what i payed for.
i was very desperate to get this game for several months.someone send help!
dont get this game servers are ♥♥♥♥ gameplay is boring and repetitive and their is a lot of people who are just so blatantly bs that they are hacking and even some people admit it. if u live in australia or somewhere like that u will always have about 250 ping as all the servers i connect to are american or european servers and it takes about 5 mins to find a game normally. my avg ping for other games is 15-30 so its not my end.
game has huge memory leaks runs on 10-15 frames for me its not my comp my comp runs gta 5 fine but this game has so many bugs and random crashes huge waste of money especially if u cant play it cause it crashes or memory leaks or something
as soon as this game goes on sale do not get it or play it all u do in comp is vs hackers or smurf accounts that people just troll on and its really boring and makes me really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because i play to have fun but i want to rank up and it just means i derank and i quit this game a while ago and came back today straight away vs a rage hack squad who admitted it they got reported but valve makes people that are reported go to overwatch which doesnt do much cause most people dont get overwatched.
dis suckz
so far the updates are very slow. like it has been i think months or even a year before there gonna make an update. i really love this game but the updates are taking too long. i hope they did not abandon this game yet.
spicy nude sim
unturned is hard for new players to grasp and multiplayer is run from zombies and dodge bullets simulator. so overall unless you know the cheat codes it is just boring and cheats just make it more boring. if they tweaked the zombie health it would be much easier.also did i mention it is pay to win?
yeah starbound... aah well... it was a fun game for 5 minutesi honestly don't see much of this game sure it has a sweet trailer but over all it was a bit dry.i've played alot of survival games and the means minecraft... i'm sorry i'm a discraise d;but this is the stuff that really lacked for me:-no choice in ship custimization yeah sure you can put a fue paintings or whatevers in there but you get the picture from the start you know no choice in your ships begining look. >:|-and honestly the story lacked alot!i really would'nt play this game until its almost completely all bug fixed and some work added. dislike 4/10
unturned is a game that is available on steam... that's it.not the best game on the planet.
i dont recommend this game to anyone looked at my played time 26 nminutes and i cant stand the game i have all the saints row games and i have to say the best is saints row 2 the creators of the saints row series went the wrong way when they added super powers saints row gat out of hell is not a good game they need to go back to the classic saints row games like 1, 2, & 3.
this game made me very nauseous it's a good game but i cannot recommend because of this
*fart noises*
gameplay was fun for like an hour, i dont like how the items you obtain are on a time limit, and also it is a tad glitchy
free to play my ♥♥♥, this was a horrible waste of bandwith, unless you pay you will have one gun, only be able to hunt one type of animal, and not get anywhere, this game has potential and i hope the developers realise this and remove said paid elements of the game, its pitiful
not worth $60. in my opinion get this game if its $20 or under.
crimefest/sputnik drills does not jam 0/10 too unrealistic
worst game in my library
h1z1 a true zombie survival game.... more like bend you over a desk and ♥♥♥♥ you while taking your money and is basically the next infestation survivor stories, this game has not changed since release, its just truning into a money grab ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of broken promises and lies. ive even had one of their customer support members admit that the dev team has been cut down to a very small number and then tried to back it up by saying "oh but they will work hard to deliver the best gaming experience they can".... so mirco transactions and basically doing ♥♥♥♥ all apart from taking peoples money. good job guys like give ya self a pat on the back!
shut it down. shut it all down. it's taking too much time to just win a match, especially if you only have 2 days at a week to play. i'm definitely not gonna waste my time to just play 15 matches a day, if that even possible.
win7 64 卡死在登录后的loading界面……尝试多次，都是这样……
stay away! the planets look nowhere near as good as in the screenshots here, render distance, framerate and the whole ui is horrible.i keept playing it because i was hoping for the game to get better later on, but it dosnt. you have pretty much seen everything there is to see after maybe 1 hour, all that changes is the color of the planet.
right now, this game has nothing to do with the populus you played 25 years ago. it's a click orgy and feels like was developed for tablets only. there are no menues of any kind, so you have to learn mouse-gestures - no support for the right mouse button either! it feels very much like it was developed for tablets only.the game pace is terrible slow. most of the time you will just sit around and waiting for the pink bubbles (your mana points, which allow you to do things like terra forming etc.) to pop up above each of your settlements, which you then have to collect by clicking on them. let me repeat that: if you have 200 settlements, you have to click 200 different pink bubbles to collect your "mana points" and progress in the game. so most of the time you end up just sitting around doing nothing and just wait for the next bubbles to click on, which is as much fun as watching paint dry - except that paint will dry much faster than this game progresses. it's just a huge disapointment for me. save your money or pick up the original populus on gog instead.
what used to be a game with a vibrant community, the developers decided they would milk the cash cow hard. and hard it was. they decided they would put microtransactions in an effort to give players a feeling like that of a competitive game such as csgo. this is a 4-player co-op, not a pvp.
the best part of this games is closing it...
pros:can be fun at the begginingyou're a goat and you do anything you wantnot bad graphicscons:this game ♥♥♥♥ed up my computer (it says i'm in game all the time and can't end the process)gets boring easilyyou will get low fps just badif the developer could fix the game and make it cheaper so you don't have to pay 10$ for this crap that would be great
please do not bu this game even if it is free, the gameplay is very boring, as in you will sit there for about 20 minutes not knowing what to do and just wait for ♥♥♥♥ to land on your mountain, also you cant get a refund so you no they are trying to throw this game away
dont buy this piece of ♥♥♥♥ game now. it used 2 be good but since they added  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions to a paid game that had a ♥♥♥♥ load of dlc . not only did they copy csgo, overkill said that everything in crimefest will be free and  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ almir himself said they would never be any microtransactions . road to crimefest was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ trap , cue admiral ackbar. wait until overkill eventually remove the microtransactions due to the hate.
i wish there would be more open servers that i could join so im not waiting for 10 mins for a server that i can join
peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is a w h o r e
no
warframe is ♥♥♥♥ but dark souls is shiter
just cause 3 could have been one of, if not, the funnest games  of 2015. however this game suffers form massive performance issues. keep in mind i am running a nvidia gt 750 ti, and i know this is not a great gpu but i did expect to run this game at high settings. the performance issues i have incountered in my roughly 4 hours include:~ last time i booted up the game i experianced a loading time that took over 10 minutes to get into the actual game.~ at sometimes it would tank below 15 frames making it unplayable.~many audio issues.~issues unpausing after leaving the game idle.~and while swimming i swam through the map causing me to drownthese are the problems that i have experianced but i've seen online that there are many, many more issues with this pc port. it is a shame as this game could have been one of my games of the year but instead like arkham knight the performance ruined my experiance. this pains me as a fan of the series, having completed both previouse just cause titles. i know it's not only avalanche but for me it was the straw that broke the camels back this needs to stop in the gaming industry and is an unacceptable practice.
theft
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game keeps on crashing
it has blocks and you have to mine it. it even has torches that you place on walls. and the worst part of all zombies come out in the night. obviously a copy of ilands.
reconnect to game intime, still get 7 day... ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ game, way to addictive, ♥♥♥♥ing crack cocaine, it ruins your life
haven't finished the campaign, yes
yes
als ich mir dieses "spiel" gekauft hab... geschah es als es fertiginstalliert war drückte ich rauf statt spielen stand dort kauf und hab jetzt wirklich kein bock mir es nochmal zu kaufen!!!
waste of cash
合理骗钱而已这款游戏卖68我感觉完全就是扯淡玩了之后并没有什么太大的感想 这游戏也不是什么大制作至于说有简体中文就舔的……妈的这游戏根本就没字幕！无非就是游戏设置和开始有中文就舔了么!mdzz68块钱买个劣质恐怖游戏体验……你想买就买吧 4小时的剧情而已也是被某些无脑吹给洗脑了 买了这游戏然后玩了4个小时……还不如买杀鸡看上去真是中国人钱好骗，最近steam上低成本中价游戏越来越多 特别是gal想骂就骂我吧 我是穷逼
error g99
a good game but im encountering a lot of bugs
i could not get this game to work dont buy
can't go bowling with your cousin. bad game.0/10
3spooky5me.literally, i'm more scared of dying of cancer or in a plane crash or hair loss, not a fictional pair of hands being pulled over my eyes.
i vastly like this game, except now, having mods disables your chances at getting achievements. i can see the fairness in that, but what if we're talking non-gameplay advantage mods like graphical and audio mods? nope, achievements disabled.you need to have a bland experience if you want to get those achievements.really bethesda. you should honestly leave the fallout titles to obsidian, at least they won't screw up the fanchise you've adopted.
you're paying for a game that's only selling point is good looks. it's a good game until you get off the first planet. after that it's the same thing every planet, just a new alien and even after all that the space stations are just like every other outpost on the planet. even the things you name get deleted after 2 weeks or something like that. 1/10 because they lied and -7/10 because this game plays like a pre-alpha.
fix the ♥♥♥♥ing wall glitchers for ♥♥♥♥ sakes
this games trash
they turned it into a console port
ive had nearly and hour with the game running and it goes so slow i have had absolute zero game time and 99.99% loading screens
this game used to be one of the best third person shooters ive ever seen and i used to love it but now the servers are all dead and its a pay to win
this game is great if you like games that tried to copy dayz in every single aspect so if your too broke to get dayz or arma 2 then this is perfect for you.
game is warz. do not make the same mistake i did. i thought this would be a great alternative to dayz as my computer couldn't run it, but seemed like it could run this. this game is full of hackers and only has servers in us and europe.
every quest= go place shoot thing, collect thing and repeat
cara não gostei
i have completed this game online before and wanted to support a good game company. unfortunately the game has one major flaw. it constantly loses saves. i have had to restart the entire game after nearly completing it three times and i'm sick of it.just go play the free online version.
do not get dis game dis is not rage proof rage is intense on first level!!!!!! >:{ ummm so dont gedit should be sold free sooooooo dont gedit
i wish i could provide a more externsive review of the game, however it kepy crashing in the prologue. the fact that i couldn't save the game, meant i had to replay it many times, only to enjoy more crashes and begin again. that aside, the camera controls were awkward and controlling your hero was pretty annoying. the fact that your heroes auto-used skills and spells felt like there was little need for me to control anyone, and that i was simply there to (try) and tell them where to move, and let them do the rest (which they were more than capable of dealing without me).i asked for a refund on this one, simply because of the controls and constant crashes. unless the community builds some impressive content after the game is heavily patched, i'd not recommend.
liar!! completely cheating all of us!i have never seen such a game and will never pay again.
get on bike, ride to capture point, kill one or two guys with choppy combat, die, repeat.
imagine a game where you do next to nothing but hide from robots and collect gems. yep, that's what you were thinking about buying...
if you ever wanted proof beyond a doubt that this game was developed on the wrong side of the border in korea; you just have to try tree of savior, where everything under the sun is locked down. i am pretty sure this is not imc's first mmo rodeo but to hold the community to ransom due to "gold traders" and thereby remove the massively out of mmo is not conducive nor giving them any points. live everyday thinking how the spiritual successor could have been better then move on to something else ( come back a year after f2p and see if things have settled). atm you are paying ea to get stonewalled as you level further.
fun, especially for stupid stuff. but the enormous amount of glitches and hackers on servers ruins that fun. wouldnt recommend till alpha ends in about 10 years
i played the situations and i really enjoyed this game. but then me and my mates tried to join a squad. then ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ man. ♥♥♥♥ing hell. errors everywhere. i haven't seen so many errors since my pre calculus paper. look, if you know how to fix ♥♥♥♥, then get this game. it's amazing. but the servers in ubisoft seem to be manhandled by a toddler who'd rather eat dirt than do his ♥♥♥♥ing job. tl;dr the gameplay is amazing, the servers are horse ♥♥♥♥.
seriously? looking at the negative feedback? none. awesome game. grab your wallet, steal your mom's hard earned money if you have to. this game is the bomb.tl;drget your mom's moneybuy game very good
uplay
neh neh neh na neh
at least its not advanced warfare
i play this game 10% success but i can't load my save, i coult to new game all time
play only with your friends. the community is suck.
boost and blitz tokens: 2768-2818xp boost: 4070-9090
counter strike nexon: zombies? >playsmake sure you uninstall this game a total of 700 times before playing.
uma bosta.
extremely a pay to win game!
the concept is cool but the execution is sub-par. it is very linear which is not nessesarily a bad thing depending on your preferences.the biggest problem i had with this game is that the menus are completely broken. there is text missing, especially in the menu that lists the combos, to such a degree as to make it impossible to use. opening the game options locks the game up. the frame rate drops dramatically in some areas and the keyboard/mouse controls are awful. in short it is a bad port.
so i played this game out of morbid curiosity. ♥♥♥♥ it, why not, right? everything said about it is right: the story is nothing, the music is godawful, the art is so limited and dull that you're nearly falling asleep. there's one whole choice 80% of the way through which affects nothing. every single girl is practically humping the protagonist's leg (because they either love creepy strangers with no personality or he is literally the only male their age they've ever met).but what gets me is the ♥♥♥♥ing judo tournament.right at the start, protag is like hey i'm takahiro, i'm nervous about this big judo tournament. if he gets it, bam, scholarship, he can start competing on an international level and make his career. he goes to pray at this shrine for luck in the tournament, and then time travel ♥♥♥♥ happens and we're in the past/alternate dimension/who cares.the whole time, he's going "i have to get back for my judo tournament! everything's riding on this tournament! i've gotta go home and fight in my judo tournament!" further shenanigans happen and the same demon-girl who transported you there initially is likeokay broportal's open but only for two minutesidk why, no time to say goodbyeit'll increase the drama if you don't say goodbye now shut up and goso he goes back home and handily wins the judo tournament. a rising star in the field, he gains some level of fame and earns a scholarship to the school he wants. everything he came back for, right? it'd be totally stupid if he were to, say, immediately throw away everything he came back for and go to the shrine and yell for two months, trying to go back to the other world.oh waaaaaait.why the ♥♥♥♥ did you even go back if you were going to invalidate the only reason you had to go back, takahiro? you showed up, did the thing, and your yell of the tournament immediately turns to gotta return to the past-future!!the rest of this game was some seriously amateur nonsense. that massive inconsistency on the main character's only motivation, though...that one really got me.just watch the game grumps playthrough instead.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥сы ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ все просто так вак бан я вас всех ебал в ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и конченные  не играйте в игру эту cs go всех бл"ть могут патрулисты хуев" пид"расы еб"ные думают я ♥♥♥♥♥♥"й ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ подрубать на 1 к часах и 6 к в стиме инвентаре
do not buy it if you want to keep your sanity
i rather watch monkeys throw poo at me
an unnecessary reboot of dead rising 2. there isn't much difference. this is overpriced. want a dead rising game? buy dr2, not otr.
end credits in 90 minutes. lots of meh jokes. did smirk at a few but all the way through i was waiting for the cool stuff and then it ended. not sure i can be bothered going back for the supposed side missions and achievements. worth $5? not at all, maybe a $1.
does not work on windows 7 x64. after lots of stuffing around trying to follow instructions to make it work i still couldn't get it. the system requirements do say windows xp/vista but you really think they would make it compatible with a modern os.
pdth rip off xddddddddddd
i'm gonna review this game because i feel like it.alright so let's start off with the gameplay.the gameplay is alright, it's just fine. nothing not that special about it.it's basically one finger death punch but with pigs 'n stuff.3/5------------content, oh my god the content is tiny, there's not much in the game that it gets boring after 1 - 10 minutes, all there is are 2 modes and uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh leaderboards sanxuhddfhhhhhhhhh, *it's just tiny*0.5/5------------addiction?, people that reccomend this game mostly say that this is very addicting, what i say, it just isn't, but yet again, this is just me. in my opinion this game needs more content just to get me addicted, nothing to unlock.1/5------------does this game have a good ost?get your ears ♥♥♥♥♥ by looping weird music1.5/5-----------i won't go into much detail in this game, like there is much but still, i will end it here and show my overall rating2/5
if you are here and reading this and you want to make a review about how this game isn't good, it's gonna be hard.undertale is a rpg like a bunch of others, the story is just sorta a no and a yes, the game is a feel trip and that's a bad thing not just because it makes you sad, it's mainly because it can't make this 1 person not sad at all for 1 game character. also the pixelly artwork is meh/normal in my opinion. the controls are fine as expected for an overrated game i mean who doesn't know a good game has good controls? right? ha. anyways, let's move on to the music, the music is alright, pretty normal for an rpg yet there was some. where they were just, very meh. and that's just my taste in music you might find it badass or something but i don't like it so that's just my opinion. theres something in undertale i think is missing and the game itself is just terrible and good, yes the main reason i am giving this a bloody no no is mainly because of the fact of the story and vibe. you can't just find out what the story is, how frisk got into the place, maybe falling down, dragged down or something. the story isn't explained just right, hell even finding out the monsters creation, yes of course games like legend of zelda and other games might have this ♥♥♥♥, but their just from like not completely explained from their existance. that is sorta explained in loz:oot itself, also the characters they are meh/good also if i didn't already write that.anyways 4.9/10 this is just my opinion, you should buy it still even if it's a no no for me.enjoy your game once you got it.
hard to connect and not fun.
not even worth the 50 cents i paid for it.  one of the worst games i have ever played.
cant fix something went wrong error
don't own the game and can write a review haha lol
don't have the game but can review it.10/10 ign aprovedlol
just not anough people playing get more people playing then i'm happy
be nice if the game actually launched properly...
great game but uplay is so annoying
it's okay.............
gone...... home .... *sigh* theres many things i could say about this . i had 5 bucks to spare and i bought this i thought this game was gona be a puzzle game with a nice artform and kinda spooky well nope instead i got a lesbian love story ...... now dont get me wrong there is nothing wrong with being gay , also the fact that in the steam descriptoin of the game its say "something's not right. where is everyone? and what's happened here? unravel the mystery for yourself in gone home" in the game you only focass on your sister! .the puzzle are all easy , im giving this a 2/10
♥♥♥♥
piece of badly optimised ♥♥♥♥  and laggy as ♥♥♥♥ online even with a 100/40 connection
hitboxes, what are those?
first few hours are good, but then you'll most likely face a strict nat error. internet provides little to no help that can be understood by anyone. not worth the download.
one of the curator's 'reviews' for this game stated, '"a zombie game that's truly about survival. nothing's as scary as getting ambushed by zombies while searching through an abandoned shack for food." boy, this couldn't be more of a lie. it needs to be changed to, "a zombie game that's truly about profit. nothing's as scary as being bug hit by a half in the ground zombie who walked through the closed door, whilst you try to pick up a bugged out rotten kiwi.
esperava mais deste jogo, esta pior do que seu antecessor (magicka). eu jogava todo dia o magicka 1, até zerar e mesmo depois que zerei continuei jogando nas "waves" porque era muito divertido com os amigos, mesmo no controle. quando saiu o magicka 2, logo comprei, mas no primeiro dia ja me decepcionei:* a jogabildiade está pior que do antecessor * o jogo se tornou mais complicado* as configuraçoes para controle estão piores tbbm
♥♥♥♥ jogo ruim, ainda bem que paguei apenas 2 reais nele.
uma cópia ruim de minecraft. no começo me intereçou bastante, parecia ter muitas coisas para se descobrir no jogo, mas não é por ae.
precisa de tradução para português!.
não posso recomendar esse jogo, porque nem mesmo consigui jogalo, não abre de geito nenhum, ja procurei e tentei diversas soluçoes e nada.
after you had to pay for the game it got awful dont buy unless you want nostaligia of the game
from 1k hours of playingr.i.p cs:go sounds you will always be in our heart r.i.p p90 sound and usp soundbring back the original sounds plz ,gabe #ripcsgo
bought the game recently and everytime i try to go on the menu, it freezes but the music is still playing, i also had black screen and i can't log out. i had to force shutdown my computer. my hardware is also up to date... can't seem to find a solution in the forums as well...
0/10 'receiving data' bug is the bane of my lfe.
too much pollygons for a simple gamescreenshots does not workbad mehanics,unecessary menus and bad menu designgame lags every 3 secondsonline play desnt works
♥♥♥♥ this game.
nada mas nada menos que um minceraft com menos poligonos imitando day z ou tbm chamado day z de pobre
csgo is a salty game full of salty mofos and i would like to say, valve get a system where theres a reason to kick a player out of the game. thats the only thing i ask because when your not qued/ing with friends, (begginers in competitve) they will get kicked for a stupid reason and since ive gotten kicked even though i was carrying and we were about to win my whole team kicked me so ♥♥♥♥ them and i hope valve reads this and puts like system. peaceand if u think im salty check australia they are much saltyer then i am
this wasn't the tf2 i played 2 years ago.should have renamed it like:team fortress: counter-strike editioncounter-strike: team fortress editionteam fortress: global offensivecounter-strike: cartoon editioncounter-strike: hat simulator editioncounter-strike: class editionor any names that you can think of from the present tf2come on valve, tf2 is a different gamedon't turn this game into csgoshame on you volvo.no original ideas, only gets content from other games
never have i seen level design so awful
i feel stained for ever thinking this game could have potential.
i played this game a long time ago when it was good. now it's not good. nuff said, uninstall.
game ruined by modders :/
honestly this game looks like it was made from google maps and it is so ♥♥♥♥ing gay i want that 10 mins or 20 mis or however amount of time i played this ♥♥♥♥ game dont and i repeat do not download this game just because vannosgaming played it like wtf don't play it it is ♥♥♥♥ ign rates -8/8 sorry for the obsene words but ♥♥♥♥ this game honestly speaking i will give it -8/8 please don't download it just please dont waste your time!!!!!!!
♥♥♥♥ ths ♥♥♥♥ing game with its ♥♥♥♥ing laggy biggy piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbage
got told to suck my own ♥♥♥♥ upon joining a server, then died. community seems average..
i used to ador this game, i'v spent so much of my life on it, but over the last 2 years its been on a slippery slop, and the microtransactions have broken the cammels back, i feel used and meaningless to the devs, which breaks my heart since they used to love us and give us free dlc, updates, hats, guns etc and now all we are is wallet fotter, so i find myself writing  bad review simply though disgust with the way we have been treated and lied to.sorry old overkill, you suck new overkill....
rubbish
my grandfather smoked his whole life. i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately". tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. he gave it up immediately. three years later he died of lung cancer. it was really sad and destroyed me. my mother said to me- "don't ever smoke. please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through" i agreed. at 20, i have never touched a cigarette. i must say, i feel an overwelming sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway...
bloons tower defence clone that offers nothing origonal or even any interesting ideas, bland simplistic and nonconsitant art style, cant imagine why its $10.
i'm sorry, but this isn't acceptable. i'm a loyal fan, but you've pushed me over the ♥♥♥♥ing edge, overkill. you promised no microtransactions. we're rallying to not play payday, to teach the devs a lesson. we've overloaded crime.net, we can reverse that trend.don't get it for the free weekend. it was a great game that spiraled into a ♥♥♥♥♥torm.
i am currently undergoing chemotherapy after playing this game! xd
that lag ,,,,, nah,,,,,
great wall of "dlc"
i, which a lot of people will be angry at me. hate this game. it's not even good? it may be 10 years old but the graphics are ♥♥♥♥. the story is utter crap, its just thrown everywhere i get handed a crowbar and then i go kill things constantly. this game is worse then call of duty, you constantly kill things and thats all you do. its not diverse at all! you get a couple puzzles here and there but they are extremley easy and really pathetic, and obviously the game's story is not immersive at all! go here, do that. do that, go here. it's just repetitive and once again pathetic. people act as if this game changed how they sleep at night? how? i know so many other games that compared to this are better, more fun and actually give you bang for your buck. some of these are: pretty much any game on the ps2, gta series, red dead redemption, far cry series, mortal kombat, prototype, battlefield series, there are so many games that absolutley crush this game and are a lot more fun. plus how did this redefine shooters? what about doom, red faction and the original call of duty or battlefield? or even duke nukem? i feel as if everyone is brainwashed with this trashy game. this game is not worth $10 or even $5 its probably worth $1, because its a 1/10 for me.
get it on handheld.
not call of duty
legalzinho pra passar o tempo e só.pra quem já joga poker, ou quer realmente jogar, não recomendo. comprei apenas por causa da pré venda que dava itens pro tf2.
without a doubt one of the worst games i've played in a long, long timeit crashes when you click in the ♥♥♥♥ing loading screen
in short, this game is an overall disappointment, especially for long time players.it has no replay value and is not worth the price. it has no soul, replayability or drive. without anykind of real challenge apart from making you wait. where is the skill in that?the economy managment is dead boring and each replay is essentailly the same game. this game needed the randomised and variety of games possible that we saw in anno 1404 and 2070. however the developers were to lazy to even design new models of building/vehicles we saw in 2070. basically this game is a dissapointing blue tinted mess, that is sponging of previous work and does not care for any kind of value for money or player satisfaction.do not buy this game.
good idea, but abhorrent execution.constant glitches, game crashes at horrifically inconvenient times and overpriced overrated dlc'sfix. the. ♥♥♥♥ing. crashes.grade: f=must try harder.
between the cringeworthy dialogue, poor voice acting, unintuitive ui, and lacklustre gameplay, i can recommend this product, but not as a game - as an example. this is no descent: freespace, wing commander, or strike suit zero.
20 minutes into ping and chill and he give you that framerate
i cant even play the god damn game, as soon as i try to log in it already has my old email set up, i cant even access that so i have no idea as to what is going on
this game is really unrealistic. the running sucks, the controls suck and it's unrealistic. better off getting america's army: proving grounds for free. there's no-one to play with on the servers.
do  not buy this game. i have had it since beta and they still haven solved almost any problems relating to it. chrashes on startup, chrashes on game start, incredibly unoptimised, cannot run it in windowed, laggy response from units, and for some reason it slows my computer to a halt after every time i play it.
absolutely and utterly terrible game. when you and a million people cannot even get to the main menu, you know the game is done pretty damn badly. guess bohemian are still playing with barbies and havent decided to acctually get a real job and create a properly functioning videogame.
the more you play on it and the sensation on the game really getting dull tho.
awful! actually god awful. why one earth did it get rid of the easy button press tricks from the original? why do you have to do weird analog actions to tag rather than just go past them? and why can you do nothing about the enemies other than just run away? seriously, i take the stairs more than i grind in this game because the enemies ai can't follow you up and gives up and soon as you step on them, and getting any speed on the grinds is far more laborious than it needs to be. the old xbox game was about freedom, ease, and speed. this version takes all of that and ruins it. don't buy!
gay
when i downloaded the game i logged into see the screen black so i tried deleting it and getting it back. i tried updating my computer didnt work dont download it
this game claims to be a lot more than it actaully is, their is no offline training training, online is very laggy and it is only fun for about 30 minutes, the only reason i have more game time than that is that im forced 2 play it with my little brother. another thing is that their are tons of maps but no difference in how they play
i understand that this is in alpha but is there any reason that zombies teleport through ♥♥♥♥ing doors and various levels?also major rubber banding and i was on a server with less than 50ms of ping.also players glitching through walls onto rooftops which you cannot get off unless you kill yourselflike honestly i swear a bunch of 1st year game designers and programmers would do a better job than the bunch in control of this game..
no
this game is just terrible, if you have $10, please spend it on something else.
i've never been shot in the head before but i assume if i did i wouldn't be able to just shrug it off and continue firing at the enemy, unlike some of the enemies in this game.
gastei meu dinheiro com ele, ele é a minha pior aquisição, gameplay lixo, jogabilidade tbm, resumindo:ele é um lixo
this game ran like sh#t it was not opmized well for pc even the best of the best pcs cant run this :(
got banned for no reasson lol
bad game i would never play it agen
the nicest thing i can say about this game is that the other reviews are a bit over exaggerated, but i honestly can't blame them. the other good things i guess is that it doesn't say "are you sure?" when you click exit, which is nice, and the install and (even better) the uninstall times are pretty fast. to picture the experience of this game,imagine running with a rubber band attached to your waist, then pumping 50+ bullets into someone, until they turn around and kill you with one shot from their payed weapon. also, if this game had a reliable anti cheat system, 2/3 of their players would be gone.conclusion:parents - if you are wondering where your paypal money keeps on going and want to save hundreds of dollars a year, kick that little ♥♥♥♥ out of your house.this game may be free, but time is something you will never get back.
planetside 2 is one of the worst games i have ever played it is buggy and laggy if you wish to talk whilst playing this game you can't because of the sound the sound cannot be muted turned down or altered. i would not reccomend this game to any gamers out there it takes forever to download and then when it has downloaded you have to install on a completely different browser do not get it will be a waste of your precious time.
bioshock infinite is ♥♥♥♥ tbh it needs to die its honestly really ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ i want to kill myselfps: an inside joke between me and my friends, i actually like the game.
this game used to be good... i really liked it back then... but now there are rarely any players, and the only players that do play are pay2win/high leveled players... it had some really good potential but due to the lack of players... it's drawn back... i am sorry, i really like this game but it's population went downhill.and the title is a little misleading... "crimecraft" yet there are only four proffessions, chemist, gunsmith and whatever the other two are... and if you actually wanna craft any of the good stuff you have to do a lot of continous crafting and buying ♥♥♥♥ off the auction to get the stuff you want... honestly, the only thing that's good for crafting is the proffession that makes bullets, with that you don't have to worry about losing ammo... if you plan to work on your custom character then the classes.the pay2win on this is so bad, this game tries to force you into paying, everywhere you go... it tries every attempt to nickel your money.other then that... the gameplay is suprisingly good, but like i said... i am afraid the game is just drawn back because of the community.
after playing 100 hours on it... i guess the game is okay, but the game really needs to be ♥♥♥♥ing optimized, the more i play this game the ♥♥♥♥♥ier my computer gets, it's like just playing this game pulls down my computer... i'll list some pro's and con'spros:-unique character and car customizations-nice custom creations(music, cars, special logos etc...)-the gameplay is pretty basic and funcons:-you'll get facerolled in 9/10 matches-extremely harsh on newbies-poor development... the glitches and bugs... i can't even...-pay2win guns, if you want a better chance at winning matches... pay up.-pvp matchmaking is fked up, you'll be put against higher leveled players.-horrible servers...honestly... if you can endure all those cons, then this game is really awesome, otherwise... yeah, that's it e.e if you can endure it, please tell me your secret... i know i listed more cons then pros but i can't really think of anything other good of the game other then the customizations.
you need anti-cheat filter, i just shot a guy  directly point blank range in the face unloaded a whole clip he then changed weapon and shot me me 1ce and i died.....litteraly whole assualt rifle clip point blank.... to all you cheaters out there...it isnt any fun if you win all the time, im not the best gamer and i never cheat ... i dont like lying to myself what's wrong with you cheating losers?
no inside wheel view = deal breaker
hey, i know its e.a. but at the moment the loading times are ridiculous, i mean i finish a quest and it takes my character 5mins to load! , im not saying this wont be good just saying wait a bit unless you want to work for testing on the game for free.
here's my review, "good, exept i bought this when episode 1 came out. so considering that was last year a few months now, i have no memory of my choices let alone the character's , memorable, sure.. but 3 months memorable...= "pisstake"if any t.v. show released one epsiode and didn't tell me when the next episode was going to be released, i wouldnt watch it again.
if you are in anyway against religion and for science, this game will make you cry and then later puke! you will turn this off before the end.don't get me wrong i felt for the couple, but the bible study at the end.. couldn't handle it.  i stopped giving a ♥♥♥♥ so much when they used the bible jesus this jesus that..i'm not saying it's terrible but i truly felt it like another christian scheme, "prey on the vulnerable"get me feeling for your terrible situation, and the big hero god and jesus saves the dayseriously .....♥♥♥♥ this game, i'm sorry your child did or didn't die turns out reality and truth sucks and so does cancer.
aids, aids, and cancer
bad totle war
in spite of multiple "fixes" i find myself running what feels like a broken game, in which i will nearly constantly fall through the geometry and have to wait in order to do anything again, even quit, all the while i have had more cases of i was killed despite being in good cover, and it has become more increasingly rare as i level up that i am killed in open combat due to an actual mistake. it is to the point i felt happier playing the beta more than anything else.i have found myself confused as to how to progress, and in spite of being many levels higher of the mission in question at the time of writing this review i have been losing said mission in the last area due to extremely conspicuous bugs resulting in my death or falling through geometry.i cannot speak of the endgame because due to this mission i cannot reach it at all. it is so much i actually feel cheated because the beta was so much more fun to me, especially dark zone in the beta. i know referring to the beta as the better version may be seen as idiotic but it is genuinely how i feel.i cannot under any circumstances reccomend this game. poor effort guys, poor effort.and even though recently, a few months on i feel co-op is much better, dark zone is still a joke.
it  would be alright if i could find it. i have nothing , other than the main page,and that it is in my steam library. no senarios what so ever. cannot recommend anything ifb their is nothing to play.
it's turrning into cs:go... which is not good, valve
although a lot of people are stating that this game is a pay-to-win, they are right and wrong at the same time. you can pay real money to unlock vertial things, but that dosen't mean that it's a ptw. it's more of a pay-to-unlock or pay-to-progress type of thing. but yet again, the more things you pay for, the easier it is to win games and get more upgrades for that thing. and not to mention the other major problems the developers have with this game. a reason why people say about this game being a "ptw" title, is the horrible grind system. and they are right! it is a grind system! starting off as a noobie in this game is quite easy, to go through the ranks with ease, 5-10 games at the most. unitl you get a good gun. but afterwards, it's just a grind fest. you would be locking 20-50 hours of just mutter mayhem until you get a better gun. but after that, you would need to add 10 more hours just to get a good attachment. but you cant just get that gun and put that attachment onto it. no, you would need to pay with ingame credits, which they will charge you 60,000 credits. and an additional 25,000 credits for that attachment you grinded your dirty ♥♥♥ for the last 35 hours. you would be lucky only to get a couple hundred credits every game you play. and if you played poorly or just joined a game that was about to end, you wouldn't even get 70 credits! you would need to grind for day's just for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun that you're never gonna use again!i don't even think the developers even care about their fans. i've seen a lot of people being robbed of their money after making purcheses. they bring out new updates that make the game harder, and they dont even fix the major problems in this game. the are losing their fanbase because of this ♥♥♥♥ing horrible shity ♥♥♥ game that they refuse to fix! 5 years this game has been in beta. 5 years! you now how long that is?? 5 ♥♥♥♥ing horendous years, and they still haven't fixed any of the issues they have! *phew*calm downit's just a gamedon't lose your cool now.ok...ok...so, as i was saying. the people who have made this game dont listen to anyone. they don't gives two ♥♥♥♥s about their fans. they don't care about them, they dont care about anyone who has problems, or anyhting else for that matter. they are in it for the money, for the money. like ea for example. just for that green paper. they dont like to make the game fun. they just want people to buy expensive things so they can have money. but i hear you saying, "it's a free game! how else are they gonna get money??" there is only one explanation for this. don't make a free-to-play, and charge people to buy the game insted. completely remake the entire game and make people unlock guns and tanks and planes with skill rather than ingame currency. it's as easy as that! fix the problems or completely scrap it and make a new and improved game. (btw i might of messed things up a little. please excuse those, i'll fix them when i've found them. cheers!)
i can only review this game in 1 word: grind
  oh boy i cant believe im doing this  so i never thought i would put a negative review to one of my most favourite games i've ever had. it's hit me so hardand painfully, but lets get it over and done with.i've had this game ever since it came out (i only got the game for the tf2 item you can get when you have pre-orded it). i didnt play it more often after 1-2 years afterwards i've goten it, and only recently have i've discovered the ranking system. i was so pumt about it, and started to play it as recent as march. that's when i started to play competitive and realized how absaloutly ♥♥♥♥ the community is. and dont get me started on the cooldown ♥♥♥♥ they've implemented in.  so whats with the community?  i've seen many reviews about this game, and mostly it's all about russain's and tk and russain's and more russian's and more russian's and it continues on. i've never had any problems with russain gamers (most likley it's due to me living in australia) but they are right about teamkilling, team-stealing, the obsured amount of smurfs/trolls, and the mind ♥♥♥♥ if "hackers" in the game. i cant get through one game without raging like a pyscho monkey on crack. there is a lot of cheaters in this game, but its just total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t how the community wants to put this game in the grave.   why dont you just report the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s?  trust me, it don't work  what's the "competitive cooldaown" and why do you hate it?    omfg don't get me started on this ♥♥♥♥♥!  i've never thought that this good of a comapany would put the ♥♥♥♥♥es thing into an already perfect game. and i know, i know why they've put it in"it's to keep the community clean and safe..." -valveno it does ♥♥♥♥ing not!!! that's what the vac ban is for!!!!!!!i just how easy it is to get a cooldown  here are some examples (as well as the cooldown timer):  -leaving the game in the middle of a match -- 30mins-7days-being kicked -- 1hour-7days-crashes (same thing as leaving the game) -- 30mins-7days-idling -- 1hour-7days it's total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t right? especally with the kicks.  its a bloody  kick  valve, not a ban you have no idea how angry i am at this game, and it's piece of ♥♥♥♥ company.i'm no longer writing this review, becuase i need to eat my mcdonald's
i should have made a review for this game when i had like 2 years ago.this game seems to run fast on my pc and well operate at a decent fps but the only problem with this game mostly is...not being able to play it at all. what i mean by this is everytime i attempt to launch it brings a black screen and takes me back to my desktop making the game run still but everytime i try to open it up it only brings me back to my desktop, and i cant really fix this problem at all soo i wasted 10 dollars on this game for nothing.
this game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥, that when i run this game it's max fps is 11 like wtf. just dont say mac compatible so that i dont have to buy this ♥♥♥♥
this game is horrible on pc.when you load the game it come out a black screen,and tons of lag.
es un fps poco inspirado sin anda original. además es paga para ganar, ya que los que pagan o llevan mucho tiempo jugando tienen una gran ventaja y desalientan a los novatos. no solo eso sino que está diseñado para que los jugadores cooperen (por ejemplo, para escalar una pared) y ni siquiera tiene chat.si quieres otro fps igual ya hay muchos de esos dando vuelta
i don't know if the game actually got better or if i had just stop caring all together, this is a visual novel, plane and true, although though out my time of playing this genera i have yet found a vn that actually made me cringe and angry, until now. i don't know as to where my character came from, but if he gets excited over the fact that a tap happens to produce hot water, convenience stores are open 24/7 and sell food, rfid cards along with other random crap that most people know of, then i don’t care. if they had made him somewhat compepent and not completely stupid, then it would have made this game bearable (i understand the reason why they did i, but it's just random exposition at this point). not to mention that some of the definitions they give are not completely wrong, they aren’t entirely correct either.i would maybe recommend it if it was $2, but even at the discounted price i got this at, it’s not worth it, not even as a joke.
it begins as a fun and intressting 3rd person game, with fun powers and intresstign classes. bu as you play you find out that rage (i.e: the mage/archer) is best, the higher the lv you get (round about lv 16) you find the game to be real grindy and you start to see that this cool and intressting idea of evryone making a fun build to storme turns into getting bored with the same build of " all monsters in one room" and "spring trap landing onto a cluster of mines". in the end this game lacks any real co op or feel of commuinty and you will find you self grinding for better gear, the next level and trying to ignore the next bs build. mostly sticking to the stock builds.
4/10 the game looks good and plays well but crafting to build a robot and over clutter menu make the game to grindy.its really just another vs shooter that wants me to spend houres playing matchs for gear grinding or fork out some cash to be a pay to win
what at first seemed like a promising new addition to the 4x genre turned out to be a complete disaster.the game is incomplete and the devs have since jumped ship to rebuild the game from scratch under a separate title, "stardrive 2". no has been compensated in any way, and this broken, unfinished mess is now being touted as a complete game.as for the specific issues with the game:pros-1. it is a 4x game played in real time. that allows for a number of new strategies not possible in the ordinarily turn-based genre.2. stardrive brought something new to the 4x table with the ability to design/fit your ships from scratch. this was the core pulling factor of the game. with customizable ships, you could choose from a pre-existing hull and redesign the ship to suit whatever specialised need. titanic capital ships dedicated to bombing a planet into a foetid hellhole (i.e. conducting exterminatus)? done. beam cannons on a fighter? no problemo. or how about a logistics ship to provide repairs to your fleet on the go? all possible.cons-1. the sunburn engine is a laggy unoptimized mess. the framerate basically commits suicide during mid to late game, and especially in the middle of large fleet battles involving more than a hundred ships, even more so with the fact that the game runs in real time. the devs took a bad gamble opting to use a new engine with little repute, and lost.2. the ai is shallow at best, and in the state the devs had left the game, you can't do much more than basic threatening, bargaining, and decaring war. some of the interaction options do not even seem to have any real purpose or effect.3. the game claims to be mod-friendly, however due to the limitations of the engine it can only run 1 mod at any time.4. planetary interaction with colonies and ground troops could truly be better. every ground unit across all the playable races are basically just reskins of one another, and the gameplay lacks any sort of strategic depth beyond throwing as many troops as possible at the enemy (or as many as you can fit on the map). building placement doesn't appear to have any strategic element either.5. finally, the game devs abandoned the sinking ship while all the passengers were still on board. didn't say a word. one day they just went *poof*, and no one heard from them again until they began advertising their "new" game.'nuff said.such a pity, really. this game had so much promise....
it'll make you cry for your mother.
if you plan to play this in any country other than north america (where the main server is located, wait... the only server is located) then i suggest don't play the game.constant server disconnects, dropping connection, the list goes on.the controls feel like you're driving a sluggish passenger ferry and there's no individuality that the game has to offer. steel ocean doesn't set itself apart from any other naval strategy game apart from adding submarines which is the main factor i downloaded the game in the first place.graphics are decent and the controls are alright i suppose. but i suggest if you want to play a fun, enjoyable and immersive game. either wait a year for the game to get some major updates or move onto similar games like wows (world of war ships) if you are looking for something a little more immersive.i currently have about an hour and i can already tell it's pay2win, and the tech tree isn't complete on many sides/countries.
this game is horrible, dont buy it. save your 15 bucks for some nice undies, heres a list.its broken.not fun gameplay..boring as all ♥♥♥♥.stuiped game .it takes 60 secs to respawn (not that bad) but once youve done that...it takes 59 minutes to get your charcter alive again, i mean wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please dont buy this for ur own sake please, buy something else ! i spent 15 bucks on this game i didnt enjoy a single bit of it :( its bad
why is this game so much!?!??!?! why dont u just get the go karts dlc thats how i got this... why is it so much?!!?!!?!?!?!.............
worst game  ever made
the site to register refused to let me applie so bad mark from me
unturned, more like turned off my computer and threw it out the window.
first time setup takes too long to load. if you are immortal or simply have a few years to waste then i do recommend this game. customization in this game is amazing, but gameplay is simply horrible.
promised: open world zombie survival game.delivered: battle royale as main game and survival is more like optional game-mode.failed: to deal with cheaters.also regular battle royale is a joke. most people keep teaming up and killing others.
das spiel ergibt kein sinn.
there is a bug where i cannot do the level  boss at solo tripwire pls fix this
♥♥♥♥ the hole thing reset after all that progest i have to do it all over again ♥♥♥♥ u gmod
needs more blood and gorebtw the people are complaining about microtransactions just dont buy the microtransactions god damn itฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็
square is the hardest company to get a hold of the game cant help when i am missing my id go to web page and asks to reset both password and id click and all it changes is the password! go to see how to change the id and it says i need to speak to someone and the office is closed?!?! this is a mmo support should be 24/7 not when you feel like it. game is great just dont forget your id if you go away from it for a while and come back i cant believe i now have to wait for them to contact me over this and devs wonder why blizzards mmo stays at the top,  support is a big part of i, hats off to blizzard
cant play the damn thing and steam will do nothing to help
k
so first up some specs so you cant claim i am running on a poor pci7 1790kgtx 980ti32gb ddr3 ram the game wont even launch for me, insta crashes after clicking play from the launcher and a lot of reports of random crashes too. buy at your own risk, if there isnt a patch in 24 hours fixing it i will be requesting a refund
when you can't complete the tutorials you know this game isn't for you.
eac sucks
it's more click andforget  as it auto plays out. extreamly mindless
no strategey, no simulation, not a game.
buged, dose not work. there never going to fix it
i was hopping i could take the rules for the shape of crumple zone in the over all shape of a shell and make it look better then the crap we get today when limited by the need of those zones. but shells are set in this game and changes to looks might as well be nothing. and so you cant take a longer car and bring it down to a small car or bulge side areas extra, and not all shell shapes are there.also if this "game" has any bearing on how real car's dev are put together it dose a lot to explain why we get so many bad cars. and why car companies get so proud to announce when they combine each part to get an product that dose not blow up, and this game is infact good for being just like it.but if not it need's a lot more work put in, maybe make it so you can look up by parts that affect each part, so if you want to get something higher and lower you can look outside of the part blowing up / under performing in it's area.
pay to win
bad pc  and controler button set up. firing grenades and other item selection is clumsy lumped together extra
dont bother, buy the orignal off gog and use mods.
♥♥♥♥.
i'd like my 2 cents back thanks.
started the tutorial and my game crashed. never playing again
slade has managed to finish his game but also not finish his game. this is schrodinger's game
firewatch sucked me in with its beautiful art design and brilliantly written, realistic characters. firewatch continued to pull me in with an intriguing mystery and a well-built sense of unease. and then firewatch, in its final hours, sat me down in a wooden chair in a dark room, and sadistically tore up all the clues, all the conspiracy theories and all the interesting story elements in front of me, before rubbing a copy of gone home in my face and rolling the credits while innocently playing the ukelele.wait for a sale.
its all green hat ♥♥♥♥er's fault.
early access review posted: 24 maythis game is garbage. if you manage to run a successful private server with friends, you\'ll enjoy it. otherwise, you\'re entering a poorly optimized, grief prone fiesta. the developers are too focused on content release than to focus on fixing the problems of their game. i\'m going to lay it out for you clearly and easily.griefing --ark is a game where you build bases in a sandbox and your body stays in the game after you logout. this isn\'t a unique concept, as it shares this attribute with games like rust. however, ark also attempts to interblend a dinosaur aspect which it fails at miserably. the reason why is because of the exponential growing curve required to succeed in this game. exponential growing curve --as you advance in the game, you require more and more minerals and resources for your items. however, dinosaurs gather this tremendously faster. if you want to tame a high level dinosaur, you need to have many hours dedicated to taming (hours. you read that right), and many resources to keep the dinosaur unconscious. if you manage to endure the glitches, bugs, spawns, griefers, and finally tame such dinosaur, you\'re rewarded with gameplay boons unimaginable. here is where the problem is.a tribe on a server, through time and merely time alone, become near unstoppable due to the simple aspect of this curve. if you\'re gathering metal by hand, attempting to make metallic weaponries in your twenties, and the elder tribe is gathering at a rate, and i\'m not joking you, 1000% your speed, you\'re going to have a dilemma. mind you if this tribe decides to be a grief tribe and patrol the skies with high level avian creatures, you have little to no way to fight way.this is directed at new tribes establishing on servers.-- the time sinkark is such an invested time sink. you have to play for hours and hours to get over the grind. if someone plays longer than you, they\'re going to beat you. it doesn\'t matter what you say, or what you think. they\'ll reach the curve first and outpace your technology.this game is so terribly flawed i\'m not even sure why people enjoy this ♥♥♥♥. mind you, if you decide to play on a pve server, you still have to deal with griefers in the form of land claiming, as they place useless pillars all over the ♥♥♥♥ing map because the developers are too inept to disable this, or find a better way to make this work.i have 630 hours on this game. i\'ve played way back when, recently, and presently. i\'ve conquered servers before exploiting this, and i\'ve been conquered. the game. is not worth. your frustration.when the developers clean up their act, maybe give it a shot then. until then, don\'t waste your time.
real talk here,can we all just atleast acknowledge the fact that this game is selling at 20 usd and you are literally a little ♥♥♥♥ed up dwarf running around with ridiculously bad combat and bugs everywhere? like the witcher 3 is 25 usd right now, i just don't understand.once again the developers of this game, like star forge, have develeoped a decent fun, enjoyable concept, however as soon as they have made their money they have bent us, consumers, over a desk and had their way with us.like what the ♥♥♥♥ is this?♥♥♥♥ this game, don't buy it. would honestly rather buy crack.
this is what happens when big companies rush production and get greedy
2/5 so far...cons:- the graphics are awful given that this is 2015 (i'm playing on max settings)-  i don't know if this is a bug or just a horrible choice by the dev team but nobody moves their mouth when speaking in cinematics- i am unable to find a way to show a grid when moving in the world or in combat which (at least for combat) is extremely annoying)
i imagine there is an audience for this but if you were expecting to get some joy out of this within the first 10-20 minutes (even a minute amount of joy) i'd consider looking elsewhere.
it's fun, but there is so much bullsh*t from the attack system and item drops that you pretty much will kill yourself in the first 4 levels. there are better dungeon crawlers out there although for a turn-based one it does things pretty well. my three major gripes with it are the hunger system, attack system and the item system.hunger is bull, it's hard enough keeping your health up but having to go out of your way to search a level that may or may not have any food on it is stupid, either remove the system or reduce the frequency of its occurences because the item system isn't helping either.the item system is interesting, the fact that with potions, armour and weapons you don't know what will happen until you try it is cool, i really like that feature and find it a bit humourous when i drink a potion not thinking to just throw it first and then self-igniting myself. the issue with this system is that the items are rare and sparce, you may go through an entire level and pick up maybe 2-3 items (excluding dew drops and seeds but they're not that useful). also i often find that it's only after i reach level 3 usually that i actually have a new sword and armour, it's annoying that it's that far down and the enemies can do near identical damage to you which makes it a real pain when you just need a healing potion or some better armour but you can't get to it because you keep getting killed before you can find any, because the items are so rare in this game.the last one, and i swear to eveyone's based god, the most crippling one to this game, the attack system. the attack system is absolute crap, you will miss more times than you will hit, while your enemies will hit nearly all the time. i can understand with an enemy like the wraith, as its a ghost that it's hard to hit but when i start at full health with a healing potion and can't hit this guy once before dying, that's too far and the wraith don't even do that much damage so it was a good 12-20 hits. the other thing is that enemies are almost random with the amount of damage they do, i've fought rats that'll deal 1 and 2 damage and i was thinking that i was going to kill it and then it deals a 5 and i'm dead, seriously, the second level introduces this enemy, i can't remember the name for but looks like a squirrel-sort of and it deals a consecutive 3-4 damage almost all the time where i'm luck to land a 6 on them. it's such a pain getting killed by a single creature and it's so annoying when the only thing it says above the enemy is evaded, evaded, evaded, dodged, dodged, evaded. it's painful to watch something like that happen.so if you want a game that'll kill you within 4 levels with no more than 30 enemies get this game, but if your looking for a genuinly fun and enjoyable dungeon crawler where each venture is very different, then keep looking because this game is relentless.
the game does not work do not buy it
the controls for this game are so bad. it took me forever to figure them out and when i did, my experience with this game was still horrible. this game is absolutely terrible. i just wasted 10 minutes of my life.
really....realllyyyyy????!!!!!
i really really wanted to like this game. it had great visuals, a great premise, nice customisation options, modding, an interesting sounding campaign. i played it while it was in beta and kept on anticipating them adding more and more...but then they released 1.0 and said it was feature complete.but that's not the biggest problem, it simply is not fun. it goes through the motions of things that one should do to make a fun space rpg like an account ticking off boxes on a to do list....but i never really felt engaged. it doesn't garner my interest as it is so cut and dry. the combat is a bit boring, and so far i haven't felt particularly threatened or in a situation i couldn't easily escape if it was getting a bit too hot to handle. in combat you also have some passive abilities, but you can press 1,2,3 or 4 to activate...boring abilities, and you have consumable items that can buff you for a short time if things are getting a bit more pressing. this is ever so routine and much the same as any rpg and yet torchlight as an rpg is charming and is full of 'soul' and 'character'.starpoint gemini 2 on the other hand doesn't have any of that, and the campaign...ugh...i wish they had paid for better actors. i don't know who they are and don't care to look them up, but they convey the story along with about as much enthusiasm as those 5 year olds reading their scripts directly from the pages in the 'avatar: the last airbender' movie. is it worth the price of admission? eh...maybe, if you're a first time gamer and want to spend your money on a pretty looking space rpg for a few hours of 'fun' looking at the pretty visual and the pew pew laser death - then yeah maybe drop some cash on it.meanwhile i remember the days of freelancer past when the storyline was engaging, voice actors conveyed the situation, it was fun and engaging - you could tell the creators behind it had a passion! in summary starpoint gemini 2 will not give you numerous hours of entertainment, but it is pretty to look at for a little while until you can find something else to scratch that space rpg itch. i reward this game 50% for all its technical excellence, but i award it no further points for failing to provide fun and excitement.if you felt that x: rebirth was boring, then give this a miss as it has far far less content or ability to provide fun.
get's repetitive after awhile. solid combat and gore. stay away until further developed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibw4vdxhrny
♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine, frame drops in crowded areas, runs trash on a 970.
i am a former prostitue and i find this offensive, please remove this from target/s
what the ♥♥♥♥ is this?i buy the ♥♥♥♥ing gold! yes, gold!worst decision i've ever madei thought this will be a dope gamebut hell! boring as ♥♥♥♥dont buy this if you dont want to waste your moneygood job ubisoft
i was enjoying playing around with the mods until now. id love to donate to moders whos mods i consistantly use but paying imidiatly for them doesnt feel right. it feels like dlc thats been made by the comunity.
it was ok but only took less then an hour. i don't recommend it just because of that.
it's boring. it's overrated. it's dull.
bad game. you can trust me. my play time is high
pixel dude running in straight lines, rythem based. if you really enjoy rythem games get it, if its on sale for 1c get it. if not don't bother
absolute dissapointment.couldn't even play co-op with my friend finding out the australia version is not incompatible with other versions. most of my friends are american.ffs. what's the point of getting r18+ rating if the australia classification board is going to be completly stupid and ban every r18+ game that comes in. ♥♥♥♥ the government
was good now broken with troll community under the age of 13 gg.
i would not reccomend this game as the graphical quality portrayed was not evident in my playthrough of both the campain and numerous comp stomp battles. furthermore the gameplay is great but the graphical quality that was shown- from my high level pc- really made me feel as though i was cheated, whether this is just a bug or not it is annoying that this wasn't fixed. to those who say gaming isn't about graphics i agree but that being said it is a remake released in 2014 so it needs to be fixed.
got banned for no reason
 "its as if infinity ward has forgotten where they came from, this game is half arsed in all major aspects."single player is for lack of a better word boring, nothing is used to grab your emotion nor your worth. once again you get your hand held though out all every single mission... not worth your timemultiplayer is another story... besides all of the fps drops (90fps average, drops to 10fps) it is quite fun and with a higher learning curve (every weapon is a 3 hit kill) it is the call of duty that should of been... back in 2009 not nowall in all, the multiplayer is full of either tweens or creepy uncle's... in my first match i got called a hacker, n00b, ♥♥♥♥♥. got told that my mum was a ♥♥♥♥♥. ect. ect. dont buy this if you were expecting something different, youve been warned!
you are thrown into a battlefield with a pain ball gun against people who spent all there mums money on the biggest gun in the game. basicaly the only skill you need is the abbility to throw money at shity games or 2000 hours of free time. o yeah and theres tanks which your cant kill unless you are level 6 or some ♥♥♥♥ or money. so over unless you are a very rich man/woman this game is not for you. i say all this but i have 400 hours on warframe... but that games not pay to win :d.
♥♥♥♥ crashes on loading screens every game game good tho just fix it
cara n achei muito bom pouco pvp demora dms pra tudo,alem de lagado especialmente qunado ha chuva e no pvp fica ruim de joga, mesmo no minimo(cujo grafico fica muitoruim) fica lagado ainda,resumo:nao e muito se pudesse pediria reembolso
don't buy this, it's not worth free cus my friend bought the 4 pack.
i had such hig hopes for this game.......but evrytime i loda it up it crashes and it takes way to much space in your computer
this game has some big issues with peripherals on mac, even the apple usb keybaord. it's a shame steam don't have basic minimum standards for games, because the mac port is a hacked together mess.
lesbians.10/10 rock hard ♥♥♥♥
this game f****** sucks. do not buy this it is incredly glitchy for mac and some pcs
let down
overkill had become thirsty for money, making a ♥♥♥♥ tonne of dlcs that are absolute crap for what they cost. this is not worth anything over $15 total
not a bad game but not much to write home about
maybe its burn out on borderlands but cant do a second run through without feeling bored
part that i like:-the intense pvp-the many loot if you kill many people-the need of teamwork in this gamepart that i dont like:-dev dont give a ♥♥♥♥ of this game-too many hackers
if you want to spend 2 hours tracing deer tracks with mates and basically wasting time then this is the game for you
um jogo de bosta
this game used to be fun and all.then they removed the first person death camera.then they made the game more eeehhh instead of wooah.at least bring the first person death camera back as an option, it was best thing!now let's all go and get buried in other people's reviews of this game!
no oceanic server. shame, the game had huge potential
game doesn't even load
♥♥♥♥in' horrible.... call me whatever you want, but it's freakin' horrible. -controls suck big time.-design of the whole thing is horrible, guess it looked better in the dev's head.-get's boring real, real, easy. shoot 'n' shoot and shoot some more... get the picture?- glitchy. seriously the t-rex, i swear. it went into space. funny tho.worth the 99 cent promotion price? ♥♥♥♥ no. don't spend anything on this...
you cant just join and start playing with other people that  is locked behind time investment beyond my patience to discover.
empty laggy boringsingle player mmo no fun   ▀      ▄▄  ▄███▄▄▀▀▀▄   ▄█████████▀█    █  ▄██████  █▀█    █  ▀██████████▄▀▄   ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█▀▀██▀  █  ▀▄▄    ▄▄▀   ██▀█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█    ███▄▄
"quick play"5 minute waits8 minute games yeah.....nah....update: main critique is the short game lengths not que timeswhat is needed is a feature to que up the next 4-5 games while inside the current game for a seamless transition.
your game files do not match the servers   ▀      ▄▄  ▄███▄ ▄▀▀▀▄   ▄█████████▀ █    █  ▄██████  █▀ █    █  ▀██████████▄ ▀▄   ▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█▀▀██▀   █  ▀▄▄    ▄▄▀   ██▀ █▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█    ███▄▄
fastest game i've uninstalled.
i wanted to like this game soo much, i have easily exceeded 500 hours on borderlands 2 but this uh it's just not as good.honestly i have tried to find good things to say about it in order to recommend it to friends but i just can't, the storyline is okay, not as good as borderlands 2 but it has a few funny lines and is still better than your average fps, the visuals while being essentially the same as the 2cnd just fail to capture any real variety -essentially the same area recycled over and over and over again.the characters are more inline with borderlands 1 and the trees go back to being a slight dps increase rather than a playstyle definer. but playstyle is the true casualty here. the combat from the 2cnd game heck even the first has been taken out, stripped for parts, ♥♥♥♥♥ with a hammer than lazily slopped back in -easily the worst of the franchise their is no variation u have to go in guns blazing full board with no other option. enemy ai will not allow for control or long range options they will charge your position or grenade spam and their is nothing u can do about it -cover is worthless this time round and any slam or grenade hits will send you flying due to gravity.gravity is the absolute worst mechanic ever introduced into a fps, it ruins everything it touches in this game, the lack of atmosphere makes exploration painful and not worth the effort, the use of said atmo in combat and the forced nature of its use is just extra frustration, the jump mechanics to get it to work can be fiddly and again frustrating with fire being able to knock u out or lock u into a low burn so very easily. the slightest hit with a nade or slam will throw u from cover and often off of cliffs or walls -into hazards etc with nothing u can do about it. lunatics this games versions of psycos especially can just be a pain to deal with as they rush ur position and spam ground slams.vehicles, this game introduces 2 new ones and they are shocker -absolutely terrible, the game throws alot of vehicle jumps at u especially early on but the first car can barely make any of them and will often just zoom straight off into the beyond -the game gives u the 2cnd vehicle early and while it can make the jumps its this lame as slow wanna be bike or speeder thing -just soo much fail.finally the laser weapons -my god f the damn laser weapons -in a players hands they are terrible ammo horing weapons dealing little damage per ammo but in the enemy hands they will rend your sheilds and health faster than a rocket round, the ai is extremelly acurate as they are in all borderlands and these enemies can fly and manipulate the gravity it's just frustration to deal with them with all the other factors in play.
this game could have been great, but unfortunately the pay to win/compete factor rears it's ugly head -the game looks and controls fantastic unfortunately ships cost over 7k in game currency, crew cost over 7k in game currency -average currency gain for a win is 30-50 and thats not even going anywhere what shells cost and that they are one shot uses per buy.the number of ships and crew is disappointing, exceedingly low for a game of this type and with the ships most are not even buyable until you have reached a certain lv or gained an acheivment.the game is severely lacking in an offline capactiy, even online there should still be a decent ai option and tho it's there it's very barebones with dumb ai and little reward for spendign the time on. no campaign to speak of, the game starts out looking liek it will have a decent story and mission mechanic but you get to the league unlock it and the games like there you go now give us money.
do not purchase!!!!this game is empty and boring. i tried to play it but got to bored or frustrated at  how to go somewhere. i didnt experience any bugs but i didnt get far at all in the game for the reason its just to dull. i havent tried 2.0 just because the only way they could make it better is to recreate the game smaller and better rather than have a a huge open world thats empty.all the things that it advertised itself for arent in the game. its just boring and outdated. 2/10
searching for too long
2/6/8 gb ram will not be enough , requirements are not true ,lower graphic settings won't work
nice graphic but some heroes need pay to unlock. party match does not work. game keep crashing  only 1 free support hero can win the whole game ...
the core gameplay's good, but don't buy it until they fix/ make more servers. the ping is bad pretty much from anywhere and they only have servers in na and europe. it's good if you live in those areas, but everyone else basically can't play because of the attrocious ping. this will be good when the servers are fixed though.
"revel in a brilliant story, fast-paced puzzles and thrillingly designed levels in reportedly the first adventure of the action adventure platformer saga about bob, a truly brilliant fellow from sekotwana!"choose your own joke!- the most fast-paced thing i could find in the game was how fast i could press the uninstall button.- first adventure? correction: only adventure! get it? cause there won't be a sequel? cause it sucks...-  sekotwana? more like suckishtwana! ay? ay?you know what, don't choose a joke. you'll probably get cancer.anyway yeah dont buy teh game it sucks k bye
it never remembers my saves.♥♥♥♥ you trapped dead, and your ♥♥♥♥ ass memory. ps the fact that you have to pass level 3 just to play mulitplayer is also complete bs.
too many hackers and the devs refuse to do anything about them. i have clearly captured 3 seperate hackers in screenshots on my profile. one of them going 76 and 0 in competitive play. absolutely rediculous.
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥
if you're here for the tf2 items, be ready to invest some hours into this game. unlike it's younger brother, you cannot simply rush achievements, there's a new bounty system. the bounty system can be extremely unforgiving, especially to those who don't know the game very well. the cards that you are dealt can also make you want to uninstall the game, especially when you get dealt dead for 30+ hands. the bots don't know that they're doing, sometimes they flop a house and other times call with air. you cannot predict the bots, and be sure to only all in when you have something higher than two-pair, because this game can screw you up. a letdown in terms of poker, you can't even skip the dialogue; and after a while it just gets so annoying. once i get all the promo items, i'll  be sure to uninstall this one.edit: lost my first potential bounty item with a queen 10 to 5 3. you'd think they turn the game in your favour...
this game has something going for it,  mainly for runescape friendly players. personally, i've been looking for games similar to rs, and this has been the closest so far. however, the servers are extremely laggy for me. everytime i enter an area, my game freezes for about 5-20 seconds, and frees itself up again. after about 5 more seconds, the whole screen crashes. the issue with the crashes is that steam still senses me as in-game, and i can still hear music. however, i cannot end the application with task manager, only able to close the game once and for all with a computer restart.looking past the horrendous lag, i can see more people growing a love for the game, as it gives the freedom to shape and mould your character into whatever class you want. i would certainly play it once again if the server lag and crashes are fixed. 4/10
despite downranking the dlc, i personally love the classes and the new items for the preexisting ones. but, for starters, 8$ for a dlc this small is, unless you really like the game, not worth it. and the dlc only items for the other classes? that's a punch in the stomach for people who paid 20$ for a game with few classes and even fewer choices and variety for each one. not to mention that the parachute has become a cancer on the zombies mode. final thoughts and suggestions? as said above, unless you really like the game and want more to it, don't buy the hurt + heal pack. this small amount of content, which only seems like a lot because of the lack of content in the base 20$ game, is not worth 8$ and you will only regret buying it later on. if you really want the dlc, wait until it goes on sale. if ever.
(anyone not interested in backstory, skip to next paragraph) well... i have a lot to say about this game. two years ago, as a person who was sick of all the physics builders where you build something extremely fragile and watch it crash into a wall and explode, i was looking for something new and different. one day, i turned steam on, and in the daily feed that always pops up, i saw a new game had just been released on steam called robocraft. immediately interested, i downloaded the game and found myself in literally exactly what i had been looking for ever since i first discovered minecraft, a battle arena game where you build your contestants literally from scratch. the devs actively published new updates that improved the game, and for a good year, robocraft was the best - and only - game i ever routinely played. a lot has changed since then.-the devs released this game with the intentions of keeping it as not only a free-to-play (f2p) game, but a free to win game as well, one where nothing that actually altered the gameplay would be locked behind paywalls. this is one of the issues i would like to talk about. the old system had you earning a certain amount of rp, the currency previously used, that you could spend on pretty much anything except for cosmetic parts, which didn't affect gameplay at all. you earned a decent amount from playing, and each day, all of your bots in each garage (before, you started with 3 garages and had to pay for more) would have a 2x multiplier on your score from your first victory each day with each bot. this system allowed you to get what you wanted when you wanted it. now, with the crate drop system, your hard earned winnings are completely randomized. one day you could get essentially nothing, the next you could get the rarest items in crate after crate. this system has more or less been fine with the endgame players and beginners, but the "middle class" of players - those who had been playing for a little while and were working their way up - got hit hard. you need a tank track to finally complete that bot, but don't have enough robits to forge one? too bad, you got a hover blade or some cubes. that's not even mentioning the horrible, and broken, economy (check the subreddit, one of my friends posted an explanation on how the system is broken).-the roboshop has also ruined the game. once, if you wanted a great bot, you had to make it yourself or at least build it from the ground up with a guide, both of which taught you a lot on how to build a robot. but now, you can buy an overpowered bot from the shop without lifting a finger. this massively destroys the whole feel of the game, as you aren't forced to learn how to make a bot better, cause if it isn't, you can just dismantle it and buy a new one.-finally, the devs aren't listening to their community. they claim that the game is forged from the community's feedback, but if it was, epic loot wouldn't exist, or at least would be made with a much better economy. if you don't get what you want from a crate, you can simply reforge it! ...or so was the idea. let's use a legendary as example. to buy a mega smg, it costs 125,000 robits. to sell one, on the other hand, you would only get 31,250. meaning it would take you 4 mega smg's, among the hardest items to randomly get in the game, to make 1. what kind of economy is that?!-tl;dr: robocraft used to be good. the tiers more or less worked, at least better than it does now, we didn't have or even want some of the items we do now, and the economy is not only bad, but also broken. the devs need to start listening to their community and bending the game to how the players want to play. my advice? wait. don't get the game as it is now, and see if the devs finally change it to be fun as it used to be.
my first impressions were good, it worked with castle crashers and lego star wars, but with other games not so lucky. on big picture mode, if the gane says not controller compatible, it means it, and not all games work with the controller. i have binded my contollers on left 4 dead 2(which is actually compatible), super meat boy, or whatever other games were compatible with the controller but don't work for some reason. use the usb cord that this hardware comes with that plugs in with a xbox 360/one controller, plug it into that and use that contoller, it usually has automatic binding and on a game like half life, you just go to setting and usually says "enable gamepad" and it works 100% of the time.
it's a decent mod, it has a good community that makes great content. the only problem i have with it is calling it a game. garry's mod is a mod of valve's half-life 2. garry newman, the man behind the mod, decided to make a map, put some tools in, copy and paste content from the half-life 2 folder and call it a game. i remember when this game was 20.00$ back when it looked interesting enough to check out, but with only being a kid with no money, and having a father who doesn't trust buying things on the internet, i was out of luck, so about 2 years later when i had my own card to buy the game with, it felt like the first time kissing a girl, amazing. after everything was all set, actually playing the game, and figureing out how to play was a pain in the as*s. then, with a website full of content that other people made, and not knowing how to install said downloaded content, was all the more frustrating. then the big 13 update came along with the workshop so the communnity could hold the mod's hand the whole time, just one problem, the whole game changed so nothing that i learned sinked, all the new features made no sense to a normal player such as my self. to sum it all up, if you want to play this game and have any actual fun, you have to have no life and learn how to use every feature in the game. if you want to play multiplayer you have the pleasure of being ♥♥♥♥♥ by doushbag admins, along with having to tollerate ear shattering sounds of little kids crying in the process, while your bing anally destroyed, as the old saying goes, the only winning move is not to play. the only reason to get this mod is to mess around with the team fortress 2 stuff, that's why i have it. if you don't have it, and your deciding to buy it or not, if someone tells you that it's something worth trying out, the person your talking to is not your friend, it's probably someone who has garry's di*ck 1.54 inches in their as*s, probably milfof6d9. take it from someone with a life, job, and on the search for games worth playing on steam, this mod is not worth the time.
this is entertaining for like five minutes, but other than that, worst 15 bucks i ever spent.
i will say, this little chapter in the half-life series is a good one, but why it's good, i've got nothing. first off, priceing this "dlc" at 39.99 is ridiculous, and the only way to buy it is through the valve pack, or the half life pack, both being extremely expensive. second, it's like 5-7 minutes, for a company that is known for being lazy and to over price products, this thing takes the cake (yea i know). overall, half-life 2: lost confidence is not worth your time. for your sake, put your wallet away, open up your web browser, go to youtube and just watch someone play it.
could of been a lot better then what it was. i got this at release and with all the ♥♥♥♥ that went on with it the giving of dlcs the taking away of dlcs the every update used to currupt your game file so you couldnt use it after update. man massive let down donno how it is now though? if fixed most things would be awesome but after re starting the game 4 full times i say no no. 4/10
game has no sound, some of the gameplay and all of the humor relies on the sound.  unless jackbox games fixes this issue, i can not recommend this.  shame too, ydkj was one of my favourites when i was a kid.  if i could rate all of the, at once, i would probably downvote them all apart from volume 6 since it is the only one to have sound for me.
the idea is there, but the quality of the game itself is quite poor.
from my playtime of this game i learnt many things. the most important being that if someone wants you dead. all they have to do is spend money and your game is over. i fought in a few of the wars between factions. it was very intence yet still laking as one person could easily defend against attacks of thousands if he played the right cards. in all. it is a massive time sink. if you got the money then go for your life. if not best to avoid this one because when someone comes and raises your castle after around a month of hard work and you loose it all, its not very satisfying.
this game wasnt half bad. like the rest said it is missing alot of features that the original had. it also requires a little optimization. i run a mid to high range pc and it will lag on low settings as much as it will lag on ultra. with 4 opponents in a skirmish match it makes it nearly impossible to coordinate a proper assault or defence. few things need a touch up and until then it gets a thumbs down from me
game crashes whenever i try to launch it!!!!
not werf.
♥♥♥♥ off.
♥♥♥♥ this, h1z1 using battleye? ♥♥♥♥ you. battleye is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. review changed to negative.
not werf.
♥♥♥♥ off.
♥♥♥♥ this, h1z1 using battleye? ♥♥♥♥ you. battleye is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. review changed to negative.
ive been trying to join a deathmatch for ages but the max amount of people ive had in a lobby is 3 people including me.
it wont let me link my steam account!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!what a waste of money
(just to tell you before you whine about it, i dont completly hate the game and i know its only in alpha and still being devaloped, but this is my review on the alpha, not what the full game is going to be like).when i got this game, the idea of being in a zombie apocalypse sounded fun. until i played it. i dont hate it, it is a good game with good graphics and it is very enjoyable. the only problem is that all it is is walking for ten minutes and looting every town. followed by you getting killed by a bunch of bandits (i suck at running away). its very repedative. overall, i understand that it is still in alpha and i wont remove it yet as there are updates to come, cars, bug fixes etc. but so far in its current state, i dont like the game.
searched 1 hour for a game, didn't find one
did not realise that this garbage still occupied so much space on my hard drive until rockstart sent me an email saying that i\'m banned, for cheaters dropping random cash on my head when i was playing online half a year ago.thanks rockstar, now i have 70 gb more free space.
kind of a chicken vs the egg thing hereis aion crap because there are no players or are there no players because it is absolute crap.also i purchased this game when it first came out and decided lets see how it has evolved since then only to find out that my account has been deleted. thanks ncsoft. will never buy anything from you again.do not bother
this game is horrible
ok let me get this straight, i only got this for gmod, in general i hate the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.stick to original counter strike or go but avoid this awful game, populated with the biggest ♥♥♥♥tards in gaming history.if you dont like my opnion you can kiss my ♥♥♥ <3
scroll the ♥♥♥♥ back up and buy this game right now
a team of 5 players 1: you (poor sod) 2: another guy (poor sod) 3: angry salty kid (probs a fatty) 4: the silent/smurf (needs to get a life) 5: the bottom fragger/top fragger (lucky/unlucky sod (hacker apparently)
the gameplay itself is really fun but the fact that you have to pay for weapons that last only for a couple of days really makes the game bad...
this game sucks
nie opłacalne ♥♥♥♥♥♥ które strasznie wnerwia człowieka. zadania się mieszają i robią się błęd a na dodatek człowiek nie wie co ma zrobić bo nie dostanie żadnego oznacznika na mapie. tabela z zadaniem się zatrzyma i koniec. jednym słowem wielkie dziadostwo.
(people wanted a more serious review so)i know i haven't played any cs game long.also i don't really like any of them.but this game just leaves a rotten taste in my mouth with the weapon skins.it just feels like a cash in(same as treyarch and infinity ward/activision)i also know they have no gameplay impact besides the occasional low frames on lower quality computers.but it's really just tf2 except guns are actually worth something.
there an error when playing city level
meh
it is the meaning of poo :)stinky and keeps it's shape
the specified video mode is not supported. the game will now run in software mode. dps disso ele n abre e n da pra joga :/
+ many ways to complete a mission+ graphics are good+ levels are big- always online- episodic content- kicks you out when connection is lost- performance issues on high end machine & glitchesdisappointment with only 3 levels to play by launch and server issues. 7/10
 (spoilers ahead so do not read this unless you dont mind the ending being spoilt) telltale has a history of games that "the choices affect the story" that hardly change how everything turns out but this is by far the worst case as the house will fall regardless of the choices you make in the game. the only things that change is where some characters are at certain times. i could not recommend this game for $30, i would just recommend that you watch a playthrough or if you really want it that you should just wait untill it goes on sale.
graphics are is very bad dont get his game! well the gameplay on this game is awful
though i am giving it a negative review i actually realy liked the game.the only reason that i am giving it a negative review is due to the length, i just cannot reccomend a game so short.i mean 2.2 hours for a $20 game!?however, this game is incredible and if you can get it cheap or in a bundle like i did then it is definitely worth buying.this game, if it can be considered a game at all, is very different to other games, there is one central story for which you find recorded diaries and you play them to unravel a story, there are also other stories along the way that can be unveiled through other methods. if, despite my reccomendation you still desire to play it then you will be consumed by a beautiful story that will captivate and move you.if you have money to burn or get this game cheap then i would highly reccomend it.i give gone home 9/10,but the price tag 0/10.
awesome
this game sucks, everything that people say about it is true, its basicly dayz for poor people. but i can see this game having good future, its pretty fun to play with friends (if you can get it to work), it's addictive and it's free.
pior que o final de smallville
just amazed why this game still alive lol !!!
i was expecting better than this..
the game is built around the 'procedural universe' gimmick, which gets old very quickly. the gameplay is built around the gimmick, rather than the gimmick around the gameplay.
game is based on a gimmick. its crap.
it can be fun with friends but...in genral it is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that you would expect it to be in an alpha/beta stage. the pvp is fun until you realise that you are firing rubber bullets + the person taking all of those nerf gun shots is taking a whole bottle of tablets and magicaly healing themself... i would only suggest to buy this game when it is around $5 or less because it just is not worth the money for the game it is.
it was a good game but after the ♥♥♥♥ing updates i cant even lode into a match ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
this total war is terrible, i wish i never bought it.
i think the fact that most of the positive comments come from people with less than 10 hours, some less than four hours, show that this game just isn't really worth it.as for everyone downvoting this, check out all those below one hour gameplay good reviews, there's like three over 10 hours. it's so bad that even the good reviews are terrible.
the game is enjoyable enough but suffers a lot of minor issues that snowball into a headache.i have a fairly large crew, trying to take down the end type of pirates and it's just a constant "yar!" "shiver me timbers" every time i want to do something. i think you can turn it off, but it's still a head ache and then just becomes earily quiet as you listen to the great advance of... nothing.the ai is painful.being shot at by cannons? your crew will visit the roof. raining that causes morale to drop? roof visits for everybody! i just wish i could tell them to sit down a little easier.or the guy with a fishing rod must stand on the right most corner block at the highest height possible, on the side you get attacked on. why can't i tell him to stand on the good, safe, side?and all that fish... useless, everyone just dies of scurvy and refuses to eat the fruit you have so you just go out for excess fruit and never bother fishing.there are some things that people can use to increase stats/xp gain but they kept leaving to go do other things, i just want them to stay where i told them.i had 15 chickens constantly leaving fecal matter, i had their cages and i kept them until they leveled enough to lay eggs. i still have the two eggs that they laid (and i had them for several hours). after those two they refused to do anything.as far as teaching them skills, you almost always need cleaning because there is so much filth everywhere, swimming because insta-death sucks and before you know it almost everyone is practically a clone with skills that aren't so much choices but needs.i even spent 15 minutes not knowing why a ship of mine wasn't considered sea worthy just because i had a piece of backdrop in a place that they couldn't reach. the backdrop doesn't actually do anything besides look pretty, imagine your pirate ship not being allowed out because of a colour you chose. and the 'problem indicator' just showed the highest right-most block rather than showing me the problem.the weapons are either great or useless with little in-between. through use or stones you can level them, either level 10, 25 or 50. but for so, so many weapons it's a useless waste of time or if it is useful a grind. many have effects that aren't really useful because the weapon sucks. weapons from stores also seem to display incorrect info? (stores also sometimes don't display the in depth item info such as damage/dps/stats/etc on certain items).the fights are just your guys rushing them, healing is a bit of a pain.and to travel from one place to the other you have to wait for your characters to get there, you can increase their speed with items but it is so tedious especially the first hour or so since you can't go too far from town or else risk running out of provisions.all in all the start to mid game was nice with none of these problems being that bad but as the game went on it stopped being fun to play.
it had potential but fails to deliver. long review short, i hate it.
i was excited about this game, as i have not seen a free 2 play basketball game on steam. i tried it and i did not get to play a single second because this game is a spectating simulator. it is absolutely terrible and the controls are crap, the movement is clunky and so are the character animations. "let me run over to the ball as it teleports into my hand"! the best part of this game was the uninstall function, 10/10 for that. as for the game -over9000/10.
took me a full 45 min round to discover how to mute people in this game when some 12 year old kid started singing in russian while his parents were litterally screaming at each other in the background. it was the longest three quarters of an hour ive ever had to endure.0/10 - needs a more conveniently located noob friendly mute button.
i need help when i run dead island runs this classic i'll play the campaign (where i ended up) and suddenly it goes down you do not know what but substituting?
so many bugs; when i google a solution i find that they've been in earlier versions of this game too.
yet again another game that scams you, it's not about who is best at the game only who pays the most for the better items and equipment get the most kills and has the most fundon't waste your time downloading this
this is rubbish, dont waste your time downloading it
gage ninja pack is it worth 4.99 ? (spoilers: gimic fun wait for sales)now fair warning your not missing out on much not getting this but before we start yelling screaming cursing and naming names let's look at the arguements for most weaponsfree poison for wester wear woo! :)gage is back win!range weaponspistol crossbowpro's: bad ♥♥♥ vanhellsing explosive, poison additionsstylish reload and something new for stealth funhigh concelcon's:western pack does the crossbow as a bow much better 25 max ammo with explosive no pickups (stick to the judge masterfug's)half the ammo of the bow minus the 9 second regain ammo trick? (still no ammo pickups guys)fire rate ehhh? use this as a hit and run and hope the damage is enough on deathwishfun but not practicalno pistol skills! don't be fooled by the name "pistol bow" it may as well be an rpglebensauger .308pro's:highest concelment sniper beating the nagant by 4 points at 18 concelpraised as the best low damage sniperpracticalcon's: nothing overly different herekross vertex(sorry i don't have much comment)pro's: stylishcon's: smg thrown and melee:shuriken throwing starpro's: stun chance no instant kill of everything in the room or stealth failfun to use poison = damage over time (good for grinder builds)con's:not all that practicaltrouble aiming (guess shots with no crosshair's)(not very damaging unless buffed with kritz)melee:kunai knife is good for grinders with the poison may stun 2the rest are flashy and your common meleecosmedictic's and modscosmedictic's look kinda coolmods are very limited + 1 - 1 sort of thingachivement diffcult: easy but funnow i can't recommend this as a must have but i can't deni it's kinda nifty and funi defiently had a laugh and will use the kuni for my grinder and mess with the remaining stuff when i want to goof about with my mates but all and all it's just not worth the recommendationsorry guys :/
unless your commited to playing the full game from start to finsh in 1 setting without closing the game don't buy this get it on another media device the pc port deletes your save file every time you enter the game
it is un fair to pay for the store page and other items for the infine pack out right fun game but gotta pay for some features
0/10 - because review scores are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.this game had potential but quickly turned into a cash-grab for sms and became a joke of an e sports contender, with all of the community events in 2016 focusing soley on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t e sports market.most cars and tracks are old models from other sms games and the only insult to it is the price to pay for it.some car classes are broken by the dlc cars, throwing old road cars in with old race cars or mixing f1 cars, the 72d will never keep up with the 78. ai selection is absent too, so doing a mixed field gt race will have all the cars with gt in their title in the field, ever wanted to race against a gt40 while doing the bathurst 12 hour in a gt4 mustang while still having the gt3 cars to overtake you? too bad!there also seems to be a load of bugs still, during online races i would often get wrecked just by tapping wheels, one time even being wrecked because the game glitched the grid, placing another car under me.the ffb took me a year to get to a level where i could enjoy driving it, being a confusing mess and i only sorted it when i stopped using ffb setups that would be considered "normal" in my other wheel-based games.ai is great in this game, aside from a few bugs that have the ai pit on the last lap of a race if it starts raining (which ruined a perfect enduro race i staged) but aside from a few buggy classes of vehicles, most of the rest can kerb-hop and battle for position sometimes, if the game doesn't go and supercharge them like it is prone to do.you can have some fun with this game, offline it is a decent simcade mode.as i have said before with other racing sims, wait until the second game and even then, give it a few months before buying this one to see if the 2nd game can be improved over this mess, which could have cornered the gran turismo for pc market that some of us have been waiting for since gt turned to crap.
i was an early adopter, having loved supcom and seeing the potential of this game. however, it does not load on steamos! the game black screens on load up with the music looping in the background. like a mug i paid $60 for this game. very disappointed. hope they fix access issues!!!
this game is not worth it. you will waste a lot of money. the amount of dlc in this game is mind bending and it cost a lot too. if you have a small loan of a million dollars this game is great for you. the amount of dlc in this game makes it feel like you have to buy it all to enjoy... which sadly is true. after driving your train for ten minutes you insantly board or have had enough of the game and tend to never play it again or just come back to it after a year and do the same thing. there a missions that go for hours. the content is boring after playing it all. i also don't understand how this game is enjoyable to others in the way it makes me want to sleep. the content that you start off with is terrable. this game really lacks any enjoyment. in conclusion its very boring and is only good for you if you love trains and want to drive one in real life. i don't recommand this game.
it can offen stuff up downloading and make you redownload it to stop it crashing. yer. this needs fixing!
overkill didnt give me a drill :'(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=577709045
funny review:an absolutely amazing game! so much work has been put in (to the credits sequence) that it would have taken me 5 whole minutes to do it myself! this amazing mod (it's so amazing it should be standalone) features:mega high-def models for 1 gun taken straight off of someone else's work!no storyline!a record of one map!30+ hours campaign!magic horizontally teleporting water!the ability to get all the weapons within 5 minutes of playing!pearfect speling!a magic man with the abilities to: communicate words telepathically into your mind while talking, open futuristic boxes and address critical injuries just by poking, and teleport by loudly screaming!and crashes the game for you!this is a must have for anyone who has chronic bad decision making!serious review:not very good. i mean, its good-ish for a russian mod, but overall pretty bad. you get nearly all the weapons straight away, there is only one map, and no story. the download for the steam version is somehow 12x bigger than the moddb download. the boss requires little skill to defeat. you just go in circles and shoot it. and the credits look much more interesting than the game! i want to play the credits instead! i give it a six because it's not bad like some other mods, but still not very good. it's worth giving it a shot though, you might like it.
i was hacked and vac banned straight away..
you destroyed the game. you just made this game even more pay to win or pay to play than before. congrats you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥. you just made this game unplayable.no. don't install this game. if you get a bit of progress, wait a few weeks and it's all gone.
when i installed this game i tought i would seea how guns are really made, but what i see so far is a stupid pay2play and xp grinder....i like the aiming yard tho, and the gun customisation. wow i'm surprised that we don't have to pay for this feature....like almost every thing.
good game, needs more players.
pretty good so far except for the pay to win
not a very good game for a space mmo with alot of flaws but i see potential in this game if updates are being pulled out constantly.problems with the game- its boring, pretty much only 2 things to do and that is mine random asteroids for ores and fight the same enemies over and over again. it has a quest system but can't access it (due to ui being buggy), if they fix the questing system and add alittle more enemies so that its not repetitive the game play will be alot better.-ui is buggy as hell, i would open a menu up only to find it empty. another problem i found is when i open the inventory i have it half way through the tabs and nothing show up as well. if you fix this and make tabs like the inventory and character profile page floating so you can move it across the screen it would help alot there are more problems but this is just a few to start off with.
well there is a bad side and a good side but i honestly think that the bad side is too much i think the the multiplayer is kinda bad and maybe i dont play it well but you will die too quick so its not gonna be easy and many other issue that you will find in this game but the good side is the story mode is a pretty well done job  and the aliens mode is pretty fun but if you are like me that finds game fun only in shooting other people in games i would think that this game is not that great of a multiplayer though its only my opinion some of you might not agree with me because each people have a different opinion so yeah if your looking for a new mode in call of duty well you should try this but like i said if your more of a multiplayer shooting players vs players guy than i would highly recommend not to waste your 60$. peace
perfectly averagei didn't say the game was bad in my opinion i think this gamewas not bad game but quailityof this game was not high as it price
nudne jak ♥♥♥♥♥ w dżungli
this game is awful!the developer is lazzy so he used the same blocks on more levels (it has few levels).i got a headache when i played it and it was mostly the same.the first level started ok but then i became very boring and anoying.i spent about 99 cents on it,worst decision in my life. and i don't get the price:the game cost 0,99 €but the package that has the game and the soundtrack (which is awful) cost 1,99 € , so that means that the soundtrack costs more than the game.but if you buy the game and "dlc" (soundtrack) buy separately then it costs the same,which is also dumb because the dlc and the game can't cost the same,its just dumbthe final score for this game by me is 1/10go buy yourself coca cola instead of this game!
get warband
это не игра это трудно назвать игрой ,одни баги,машины на машине спамняться ,ужс ,кто вопще добавил в стим этот баганый донный скрипт,машины переварачиваються будто они из картона и плывут в текстурах. не покупайте эту игру .
часто обновляют при этом выкачивая из вас деньги путем добавления новых длс , стелс ни какой просто ужс , много читаков .
cant even start the damn game. it is probably a good thing though so i don't have to experience "ebola simulator, pc version".
chato
horrible should be free go play team fortress 2
still no australian server, unless you like being called an indo lagger and enjoy hitting invisible enemies, you'll have fun with this game.
bro to really play the terraria u gotta be the terraria
zombies zijn ontzichtbaar dus er is niet veel aan
o jogo tem ótimo objetivo, mostrando teoricamente como é a visão de uma pessoa em três fases da sua vida. porém, é pouco interativo e seu gameplay é muito, mas muito pequeno. já vi vários outros jogos gratuitos com muito mais interatividade e com gameplays mais longos. minha reação quando eu terminei o jogo foi: "legal, mas o que eu faço agora?". não estou querendo desmerecer os criadores desse jogo, pois eles analisaram (nesse jogo) uma coisa que poucas pessoas pensam. por isso, se eu pudesse dar nota, eu daria 6/10. espero que futuramente, os criadores possam estender o gameplay desse jogo.
eh fallout nv was better ...
i bought season pass for new maps and zombies, where is it?????cmon steam!!
getting awped from a pixel across the map = ah, great sniping.getting headshot awped from 1 metre away when i thought i had managed to surprise rush them = fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu0/10, would play again.
this game is sh** it lags the fu** out and then it crashes
i played this game for 1 hour then i quit because i reakised how crap it was
good game but it's not like borderlands or borderlands 2 because playing the levels over and over gets tiring i don't know why but it becomes not fun after about 20-26 hours (the end of the game)  so overall waste of money and ripoff
wtf happened to this rainbow 6 incarnated game?it's not even the red imperfection on the cheek of an ♥♥♥...
game has turned to absolute bu7tt cancer, matchmaking has been ruined by smurfs and an unreliable mm system, would not play, save the money, don't be lured by the skins
i can run gta 5 on high, but can't even run this on medium. wtf
if your'e looking for a good multiplayer game. i don't really recommend this one to get. single player's fun but just the multiplayer and the lag. extinction good but it just getting boring doing the same objective over and over again over all rate this gamemultiplayer            singleplayer  4/10                       6/10but still don't recommend this game.
killing floor 2 finished when???
i am having a huge issue with some sort of graphic glitch where the textures just freak out for some reason. i've been looking up guides for how to solve this problem but non of these work for me. ubisoft, please fix/patch this big issue. untill then i want my money back. :(if someone know a good way to solve this then please let me know.
i was recently diagnosed with gonorrhoea, although the itching is unbearable and urination feels like fire is exiting through my urethera, it is still a far more pleasant experience than playing this game.
this game looks like it would be a lot of fun to play, that's why i bought it but i'll never know because it doesn't run.i've tried installing physx, i've tried installing windows vcredist_x64.exe (because when i run the game i get a msvcr100.dll error) and i've tried running it in various different compatability modes and still, the game wont load. either i get the msvcr100.dll error or it just opens and closes right away.i don't know if this is a windows 10 only problem, it might run better on older versions of windows, but unless you're really eager to play this title or are incredibily proficient in programming, i'd give it a miss. based on the fact that they have a stickied thread for work arounds and i found a few other threads made by others who can't run this game, my guessing is this port is very hit and miss for who it will work for.
can't select high/extra graphics. ♥♥♥♥ you
2/10, pay to win. plus you can get banned easy. not worth spending time on this game.
my game crashes when ever i tried to play in a fullscreen mode for window 8. mac works better for this game (wtf).
its a great game, but unfortunatly it uses eac as its anti cheat system which is basically spyware.
downloaded the game on tpg unlimited, takes 10 hoursopen game to tera game launcher or whatever the hell it is.downloads some more stuff, takes 2 hourstries running it after finishing download-missing 1 file.whyp.s there are only u.s servers
never ever download this game!!!looked really good in my opinion, downloaded it and thought "wow this is cool as"-30 mins later- found 1 deer after walking around for 30 mins-20 mins later- the deer ran away and i cant even find it again because it ran really far after i was around 600 metres away from it-10 mins later- i quit the game because i couldnt find any animals besides the 1 deer that took 30 mins to find.so basically all you do is walk around really slowly ( even the running is slow ) and all you do is look for animals around a decently big map which takes ages to walk around just to find 1 animal...... dont waste your internet getting this because you will get bored of it really fast........................................3 words---disapointment---boring---wastethis game could be good if they added some things in-cars-more animals-free multiplayer-and got rid of the animals bloody hearing distance!! they hear you when your like 4-600 metres away!!!!!!!!!do not buy!
this game is just so amaz..terrible! wasted my parents money on this game and regret buying it because of how bad the gameplay is... missions never change and nothing is good about this game :dchou-cryptice
so.. i bought this game because my friends explained to me how amazing it was and how it would be enjoyable and worth my money.....i have a slight feeling my friend was trying to "troll" me considering how absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game actually is...waste of money! ♥♥♥♥ gameplay! overall just crap.-cryptice
please make it for mac and other os devices
unplayable, very slow. should not be sold on steam in such condition. i would be more than happy to get my money back from steam, but there is no such option on steam.
the game is ♥♥♥♥, my favourite part was clicking the uninstall button.10/10 would uninstall again
i personally do not recommend this game, i do have many friends but none have this game, therefore it is quite boring and the graphics are not great, however i do reccommend guns of icarus online as it is a fantastic online game that never gets boring and you dont need friends to have the game to have fun as there is a whole bunch of people, i greatly recommend you dont get this game and just go straight for the online one.
i was enjoying this game. playing the single player, earning cards, following the always interesting magic lore. then i started multiplayer. i have been playing magic (the actual card game) for 16 years, so i am not new to the strategy involved in it. but when you go against a low ranked player and have them down to 6 health and then suddenly they have 5 plainswalkers and ulamog in quick succession, the play to win element becomes very apparent. if you want to rank anywhere on this game, pour money into it. if you want single player, it is a bit of limited fun. otherwise, stay away.
stuck in some kind of server limb. everythign is black, i can see my ship and some other ships in the blackness. i can shoot my cannons and stuff but my whole hud is gone and im stuck. i've been like this, logigng on and off of the game, steam and restarting my computer but im still stuck in this limbo. i can't jon a new game because it keeps saying i have to rejoin this perpetual game thats beign going on for hours.
logged in one day and all my progress was lost because of  "corrup save files"? **** off i paid 20 dollars for a broken game?
actually such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing  game. every game has a hacker you guys ♥♥♥♥ing suck ♥♥♥♥.
it was a good game up to a point. in a mission, part of it bugged out, the solution was to disable a hotspot. i tried to do that, with fully upgraded skills/powers for my level, and found it impossible. about 5 tries later i uninstalled the game. not a very good way to sell your game, deep silver... if you can somehow push past the impossible missions, it's probably a very good game, otherwise, don't bother with it and get something better, like saints row the third, or gta v.
fix ur match making.
at the start of the game,i thought you could build a house but instead,you have to unlock it. this is the part i disliked about the game. i bought this game recently because of that reason.
server laggy. if you are from se server do not buy this game! it is extremely laggy
don't waste your time playing this piece of trash... the graphics are the worst, hard too play with people, the zombies make you rage, and when the hunger and the thirst pain makes it even worse... how come you become hungry/thirsty for 5 minutes? doesn't make any sense.. potatus.exe says no. :(
not one of the best... im disapointed in this game.... how come do you walk so slow and run like you are walking normally... potatus.exe says no. :(
worst gameplay ever. didn't find enemies that is in my level. gameplay sucks, graphics... well they're almost good, weird things, hard to find ammo box and car depots, very confusing on the tutorial it doesnt help. i recommend no...
it is terrible dont buy it
it's august 2016 and this game is still 2 years into early access.and it currently costs $15usthe game simply has had 0 love from devs and still isn't worth $1avoid like the plague
game glitched out so i have no sound...... not a bad game but needs alot of issues fixed
fix the god damn de syncing omg
2/10 cannot aim down sight or get killstreaks
1/10 cannot jump or get scorestreaks but are learn spanish, russian and korean
just no. unless you are willing to drop more bucks into dlc to enjoy this.
what does it end to;firewatchfirewatch is a game with a cast so diverse and likable you want to hear more about them, and how they talk to each other with such electrifying(heh) dynamic. you get that in the early stages, with henry and delilah making rounds at each other, talking about their personal life, and just plain snark at each other. its fun to see such a great performance by both voice actors talking to each other about a raccoon and solving crossword puzzles.then we start to enter the middle stages, without spoiling it, there are plot lines that start to converge on henry and delilah. its not new per say, but it's a very intriguing plot line nonetheless. you are hooked into it, i was.but then firewatch throws it all away in the most softest sounding bang it could find. the end credits roll and you are left with a game so good, you wondered why did it end "like that".the game finishes in 3 or 4 hours, depending on how much you want to take your time. firewatch starts strong, but ends in a whimper. i don't recommend buying firewatch unless its in a deep discount. because in the end, you will like the game, but will leave you finishing it unsatisfied. 
may as well buy the original from 1999 on cd this 'remake' is a simple texture upgrade with less content than the original. i tend to play the battle scenes on slightly faster speed but this makes the textures screw up when the monsters are moving, unless if i slow the animation down to a speed which is slower than fingernail growth the monsters look like garbage, would like a refund please.
this game has stolen 20 bucks off me, ive tried to buy some zen twice and each time it says its sent a confirmation email. but when i look at said email it says nothing about comfirmation.... so basically i enjoy the game but the system of currency and transactions are scammy so do play it..
the game turned from fun and games to buy this to unbox this for which you need to buy this in 1 failed updatei am 11/10 dissapointed -mr. foster
you know what? ♥♥♥♥ you, after playing this game for quite some time, i decided that i regret spending my money on it, mainly because of how poorly the developers work on this game, compared to most other titles. they even silence reviews, as i heard, ban people for playing music on brian hicks' stream and then deny it while blocking the banned person's posts on forums and even reddit with all the evidence that he needed to prove himself.the devs should've kept progress with the mod, not start afresh with a full game that has been in alpha for 2 years.you guys promised us so much yet you keep working on entirely different aspects, then put a big lable "early access" as an excuse for slow development
do not buy this game at this stage, buy arma iii or even arma ii, have fun enjoyin all the different game modes. then at some point, and if, and that's a big if: dayz stand alone ends up being okay, then contemplate getting it if you have a spare $20-$30. if not sleep well knowing you have not wasted money on something that is almost a year late and about as fun as pissin glass.
i just love it when every server i play has 500 ping. don't you?
this was the game that ruined early access for me
sadly i would recommend this game, if it weren't for the old and current price. i was stupidly persuaded into getting it and regretted it. the escapists is fun but is really repetitive and there is no real sense of achievement. the workshop intergration and the map creator is fun but it is also really hard and there is no templates you can use. overall-do not recommend game unless it is on sale or gets a good update in the future
i suggest keeping away from this game. it has terrible ping correction. i live in australia, and in my first and only game i was dominated by russians appearing from out of nowhere and bouncing around or vanishing as they move.quiet literally i would have people appear right in front of me, no indication where they came from. i also seen russian players appear and disappear as they moved, and they seemed to be moving far faster than i could. the idea of a faction-based fps game where skill and environmental usage matters is intriguing, but so far it is poorly executed, and impossible to play with other players randomly vanishing, and randomly appearing from out of nowhere. either it is a fault of the developers coding, or a fault of the players using hacks. either way, it is no fun, and i suggest keeping away.
a great game with an awesome concept but the developers are absolutely attrocious, they ruin the game in favour of money. the developers are biased and do not listen to the community at all.
oh, talisman. i forgot what a broken lie your ai dice rolls are."i've found a wand! huzzah!"elf rolls exact number to land on your square and attacks.you roll 1. elf rolls 2.use a fate token! you still roll one, every damn time.elf takes wand.repeat this process until the wizard inevitably wins.i know this has been discussed before, but the rampant ferocity with which ai controlled characters manage to make exactly the right roll they need to do absolutely anything is bent.only get this if you really liked playing talisman with your human friends and intend to do so online. don't play ai.
dont buy this game its  not worth one cent!lucky i got this as a gift 0/10
not bad but not good either i played this for a bit then got bored of there crappy ai they get stuck behind walls none stop! also enemys can stand in front of a door so you can get through then there hands come through the door so you can still kill them but there bodys block the door so it is impossible and half the time it dosent even work!!!! over all good killing but bad ai.if you are looking for a disapointment get this game.
ugh i'm so angry. no way to play it offline. couldn't you at least tell us that we couldn't play it offline. wouldn't mind a refund, i didn't buy this game to be screwed over like this! (i bet konami are listening too... not) i give up on pc gaming
♥♥♥♥ you. like what the ♥♥♥♥ is this pile of ♥♥♥♥ it seemed great when i bought it (and then i played it and ♥♥♥♥ing puked). there is a group of guys from thailand who have modified this game and have their own servers for it which are millions of times better than this ♥♥♥♥. you ♥♥♥♥ing devs couldnn't do as much as those thai guys in 100 years. ♥♥♥♥ing rip off please do not buy this even for a joke. do not support these devs or they may make some other ♥♥♥♥♥.
in my opinion treyarch is doing a terribly shiity job on this game. the optimization is terrible and reminds me of assasins creed unity and the addition of supply drops makes me want to slap whoevers stupid idea that was. yes i know i barely have any hours on this game at all but it is just so terrible (in my point of view) that i just can't play it anymore and really wish i hadn't had wasted my money on it. only new features are the parkour additions which in no way make up for the unbalanced weaponry. all in all cod b3 is a ♥♥♥♥ game just don't buy it you would be better of with cod4 or even better world at war. those were the days when cod was good.
i wish i could get my money back. this game is nothing like what it showed. this was very misleading.
it is the worst game ever
dis iz teh best gaem on stema, nd u shud get itbefore i start, i realise this game is meant to be a joke in of itself, but it doesn't even accomplish that...but seriously, no. no you really shouldn't get this. this game is a waste of money, and a waste of time. before we go into what this "game" entails, let's get some preliminary stuff out of the way. to start with, it has had hundreds, if not thousands of complaints about trojans and malicious software being installed once you install it. i encountered such a problem myself, with a trojan warning appearing on my screen. after running an anti-virus scan i discovered that the "game" had installed a rather dodgy-sounding file into my win32. the developers claim that these are all "false-positive reports" but it's much safer to not take any chances. they also attempted to show evidence that this was the case, however they used sourceforge.net, and it has been noted that this particular site has been slipping some shady files onto users' computers. first negative down, many to go....to be blunt, the gameplay in this is plain  horrible , and it should have never left greenlight. whenever text-based adventure is mentioned, nearly everyone thinks of zork. zork is much, much, much better. the options for gameplay are so linear and unimaginative it really is a wonder why the developers even thought of trying to make this. aside from the gameplay being rubbish, the amount of dead memes and things that 12 year olds would laugh at are more than abbundant, with nearly every gameplay option containing something akin to masturbating/masturbation. at the end of each stage there is an option to continue, so being optimistic i thought "maybe this is just a joke, and there might actually be something worthwhile".... boy was i wrong. each level is set in a different location, but is nearly always a rehash of the last. needless to say, i stopped quite soon afterwards.pros: - - - need i go on?cons: installs a trojan boring, linear "gameplay" dead memes overused jokes about masturbation tl;dr don't waste your money on a trojan and some disappointment 
tom clancy's ghost recon: phantoms is, in every sense, a game you have to be patient with. unlike me, you need to spend a lot of money to get at least semi-decent guns and be able to go and enjoy yourself.pros:1. good focus on team play2. fluid movementcons:1. pay-to-win game2. weapon recoil is unrealistic for (supposedly) trained soldiers3. unless you invest all of your time into one class and then one gun, you will not be able to go anywhere in this game4. abilities can give you an unfair disadvantage if you're on the other side of them5. (in my case specifically) the game doesn't close properly and takes a long time just to get around that6. lmg's and sniper rifles are overpowered and take very little skill to use7. respawning is a long way away from the battle, meaning that you rush from the other side of the map only to be killed as    you get to the objective8. hitting the broadside of a barn with a shotgun is very possible as shotguns are effective upto a certain range and then    buckshot literally can go in all directions9. getting kills and playing the objective provides very little reward10. head glitching is another problem (as it is with most shooters)i could continue but i'll let you find them yourselves. 2/10
meh. just a bit typical.
borders. lands. there are two of each in this rich sequel to the critically acclaimed game of borders.more of the same, really. 1/10
this game is total crap. it might change after early access but atm theres next to no gameplay, the movement is very rough(i got a rift but theres no way id play this with it i would be puking  in a few seconds thats how bad the movement feels) and really this shouldnt even be on sale in the state its in(i know early access games are not finished but this is taking that to the next level)
interactive demoscene rubbish that controls and navigates like crap due to poor clipping and an absence of texturing. fortunately, it comes with a collectible orb counter so that you have some sense of how close you are to finishing it. about half an hour long max (if you can stomach it). further proof that the availability of unity is killing gaming.
bought the game to see what the hype is about (despite it being five years old.)if you've played any game in the last three years (minecraft and goat simulator included) i guarantee you they have better mechanics than this.although this game may have been cutting edge five years ago, any game on the market today will top it gameplay wise.also, they grappling hook isn't great.yeah, i went there.
i do not like this came because i have not even played it yet because it doesnt even work on my computer even though it meets all the system requirements. i would not recommend this game for mac users.
do nt buy this game i unfortunately wasted 40 dollars on it and i cant even load it up keep getting error on the luancher peice of ♥♥♥♥ sony wont fix it happened for planetside 2 and they still cant fix it ♥♥♥♥ you sony and ♥♥♥♥ this game
just don't bother anymore
i liked the intro. but it took so long to get into a match. when i bought a new wep i couldnt equip it. and it shoes you how to battle but not anything else.and as you can see i hardly played it, it was that bad.
well it was good until...-u broke the promise of adding new content-u never fuly released the alian thingy that was really fun when i could play the beta-u never helped out the comunity-u made nothing feel exciting by not ahving any special eventsloadout is ♥♥♥♥ed for life.
just, seriously, don't.
basically a poor mans evolve
everytime i open dirty bomb, it shows the picture at the bottom right, then after it loads, an image comes up in the middle of the screen, then it just dissapears and nothing happens. if it worked i would recommend this.
i didn't enjoy this game, i do not recommend it.
played 469hours hackers everywhere, got banned for no reason.
it was fun... untill the devs did nothing... for a year and a half...
the core concept is neat but it is so broken it took me over an hour to get a game with my friend and another 2 hours disconnecting and reconnecting... the game was just posted on steam and then never improved.
the idea looks good however the devs abandoned the game and took the money
the idea looks good however the devs abandoned the game and took the money
original review - i already had a copy on ps3 but it's been phenomonal rediscovering skyrim through the modding scene on pc. mods like skyui, frostfall and enb visual tweaks make even a huge amount of playtime on a console well worth exploring it again on pc. i hope bethesda continue to allow their games to have life long after their release through modding.edit - hahaha ♥♥♥♥ you bethesda. dlc or paid modding? semantics. who gets screwed in a paywall for modding, the consumers or modders.answer. everyone.
i'm a big fan of the deus ex series. human revolution was a really worthy return to the cyberpunk series. however i can't recommend this release at all. it's nothing more than an outsourced poorly realized package. design choices in terms of the lighting were completely thrown out as just one example, another is just how incredibly buggy it is.the lighting that i refer to was a "gold" tint of perhaps jensen's augmentations in first person and even indicative perhaps of a "new renaissance" thematically. this was in promotional footage, cases etc. there are other visual differences but this is the biggest. they completely ignored the original teams aesthetics and choices.if you were an unlucky soul that happened to have a pc which had both a dedicated and integrated video card the game wouldn't even launch. nvidia users that the game actually worked for also reported unplayable performance on a wide variety of gpus.the "director's cut" label is nothing more than a marketing con. it was outsourced and it shows with design choices of the original team ignored to the quality of the release altogether. i will treasure my original ps3 copy even more now due to the original release no longer being available on steam as this is not a definitive deus ex release, not even close.edit/ this awesome person has made a small mod using sweetfx making it possible to return hr a little to what it was. http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/719090-deus-ex-human-revolution-directors-cut/67658785 doesn't fix everything but it is very welcome as i'm sure it is by a lot of other people.
great looking menu, too bad this online game doesn't want to actually finish "connecting to the network..."update - recieved no help whatsoever from support. haven't been able to do anything but the tutorial.
o jogo é até q bem divertido no comesso, mas se vc for jogar sozinho é pessimo. a campanha é excessivamente longa, o jogo é dificilna minha opinião, o melhor de the crew é sair de costa a costa dos eua, dirigindo do seu jeito.
none stop rubber banding and the community is ♥♥♥♥
sub 60 fps? check.no fullscreen option? check.unfinished and highly unpolished? check.highly unbalanced gameplay that gears completely towards good rng? check.abandonded by devs? check.pro tip: go buy enter the gungeon, not this steaming pile of abandonware ♥♥♥♥.
so hard to get started! holy shiiiiittt.....
...
hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats
the game is great-don't get me wrong but the amount of crap that goes on really out balances the fun.-hackersthe game is plagued with hackers, i even managed to make friends with one and they told me about all the crazy stuff they can do like x-ray vision, all blueprints, a forcefield where if someone enters the vicinity it kills them, speedhacks, rangefinders, aimbots and so much more.-admins.  so, you play on a server for a while and then it goes three waysa) map resetb) admin uses invisibility and spawns c4 and stuffs up your base.c) a hacker joins the server and owns everyone whilst the admin is busy with a finger up their ♥♥♥ and vac is doing its work which takes a while.so really, when you buy rust, there's a hidden server fee unless you want to get owned and owned again by any of this.  -glitchesthere are these cracker ♥♥♥ rock bases where people can build structures inside of rocks and unless you get really lucky or have a hacker friend to x-ray the heck out of the map to find these bases or the admin does something, you really have no chance to win against theses guys because the have a super safe house.-developmentso facepunch is working on a reboot which makes the game much easy to update and what not.  this is all fun and dandy except this means the rock bases and other glitches i don't even know about go unpatched for ages until this reboot is done.
gets boring way to fast.
luckily, i bought this game at a steal price because i am shocked to see no australian server option.  the game looks like fun and i was looking forward to playing it but playing on 300+ ping servers definitely give me an unfair disadvantage.don't get me wrong, the game plays nicely and looks quite good but until you sort out your server agenda i'm afraid i'm gonna down rate this game.  maybe have a server browser which people can start dedicated servers on or create an offline bots mode later on in development?until then, i'm afraid it's a no go from me :(
nah , it sucks , super over powered  characters with different meanings .. ( they don't even fit , i mean some are stronger than others ) .
oh my damn god , what have i done ? i was thinking that i were rational , but when i got this game was the worst game ever , i don't even know why the hell do they think it is a game ? it is the ♥♥♥♥3d version of a ♥♥♥♥ , is it worst that ♥♥♥♥ it , i think if i through my damn money on the ground and step on it into it turns into ashes it would be more ♥♥♥1n funny that this ♥♥♥♥ as-s games
horrible mechanics, horrible player base, unbalenced classes, and most of all the game punishes you for getting kills (aka the whole point of the game!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgc_a7af7nq&list=uutbjg-rataukzhqdzwlz3mathis is the link to my full youtube review, but if you just want a brief review, bad controls, bad story, ok, but highly repetetive music, ok graphics.in total 7.8/10 could be better (actually 2.875/10)
ace of spades started out as a pretty good game, but as time went on it just went down hill. this game used to have some people who wern't actually 10 year olds who rage at you if you do anything, but now people will kick you off a server if you so much as destroy a block. something else that ruined the game was all the unnecessarly nerfs that just made the game less fun, one of the worst when they made the sniper rifle into a lazer pointer, which pretty much defeated the point of sniping. the only slightly entertaining game mode is classic, as it is somewhat balanced. as for the dlc maps, no one plays them so you basiclly wasted $5 if you bought them. over all, i am saddend by the monstrocity that has become ace of spades, so the highest score i could possibly give it is 3/10.
so first off, let's just say i don't particularly like this game. and when i say that i don't like this game, i mean that i really don't like this game.i got this game on release day, installed it on release day, played around 2 hours on release day. it was a weird experience to say the least. i think that pretty much everyone who picked up this game on release day was expecting something that was literarily just "terraria in space". this game is anything but that. from a terraria perspective, the characters are a weird size, seeming just too big. the game is similar to starbound with the way you mine and build things, but starbound just feels more complete. the game has a weird graphics style that just doesn't quite complete. it seems a bit rough around the edges. i am not saying that no one could love it, just that i can't. if you own terraria and want a similar experience, then get starbound. "but i already have starbound" you say? wait for an update to terraria and then you will be right.if you own startbound and want a similar experience, then get terraria. "but i already have terraria" you say? wait for an update to starbound and then you will be right.i cannot recommend this game for the simple reason of there are already games out there that do everything this game does but better; want a great 2d building/exploring/sandbox experience? get terraria. want a great 2d space building/exploring/sandbox experience that isn't quite complete, but still great?. get starbound. want some weird space thing? get defy gravity.p.s. just as a warning for this game, there are save wipesp.p.s. i have also played this game since release day, enough to find form valid arguments about this game.
"towns is an amazing experience to have. it may seem tough and unforgiving when you first play it, but the more you play it and the more you learn, the more you will enjoy it! this game doesn't hold your hand the whole way through which isn't a bad thing. one bad thing about this game though is that the tutorials make absolutely no sense and doesn't really help at all. this game will make you manage a colony of people, while dealing with things like starvation and monsters. it is by no means an easy game, but if your up for a challange, then i really must recommend this game because, even though it is not perfect, it is still entertaining. i give it a 6/10." -snubbo 2014well, i see that my oppinions have greatly changed. this was the period when i was engrossed in this game. let's just say that i no longer find any enjoyment out of this. this is a game with tutorials that are about as easy to understand and astro physics, the difficulty curve makes it really hard for newcomers and really annoying for anyone else. in this game you build a town, get people to move in, manage the food, water, ect. eventually you may even get a warrior to move in. the problem is keeping your people alive, with the management system not quite working, which is a big problem in a game that is all about managing. here is an example...you set some of you villagers to start picking apples, drop them off, and then cook them into pies. you then get the rest of your crew to go mining, with the help of some warriors. after about 20 seconds the warriors decide to wander off, 2 of the 5 you had get themselves killed, on the way to the apple and pear trees your villagers manage to drown themselves, the rest come up from mining to find no food and then die from starvation on the way to pick apples.the result is a game that doesn't want you to enjoy it too much. final score? get a better game/10
got the game a few months back, i was impressed. pretty good controls, good gameplay, damn realistic (in a good way). i liked it.a few months later, i play again. i'm at the menu, make a game for nmo_cabin and it starts loading...five minutes later, loading...i ctrl+alt+delete, it doesn't load. try again, it finally pops up and i open task manager but it doesn't leave the game for a good 30 minutes! and when it does and i try to get rid of the game which is practically frozen, it doesn't get rid of it until i actually stop the hl2 process. is anyone else having this problem or is it just my damn computer?
i played the game along time ago, it was really fun and there wernt any hackers and it was a friendly comuinity, when it came out on steam i wa srealy excited to play it, but when i went on it was realy disapointing, so many hackers everywhere, preying on everyones fun. it just dident feal like the oldschool game it used to be. please vac secure this game. and change it back to what it was
the paid mods must be stopped, pls gaben stop this madness
i cant download it, it says i already have it installed and when i press play now it just refresh updates by steam and it closes the little steam window and anything happens help pls
cancelled dlcdo not trust game developerabandoned gamedo not buy at any price
great game to play, when it actually works.if you don't like having to f**k around, trying to fix simple errors (that shouldn't happen to begin with) for hours on end, with absolutely zero help from anyone that actually knows something in online forums in order to play a game you payed good money for, i would recommend waiting until the creators get their s**t together and the game comes out properly.gg
disease ridden 'install' button.
don't get me wrong, this game is really nice and for the price i recommend that you pick it up only if u like an atmospheric walking sim (in a good way) the game is beautiful design wise, i love the pixel art graphics and the story is genuinely quite interesting however the game is bland, boring and lacks depth in gameplay. the puzzles are ridiculously simple and you find yourself having to backtrack way too much, i mostly found myself walking around aimlessly, i feel as though if there was more objective it would have made a better game. i don't really fancy horror experiences too much however this game does it nicely and if you like horror and walking simulators pick this up however for me it felt as though it lacked things and could have been more.basically the game looks nice and the story is quite good but it is boring, tedious and repetitive.
if this game is less than a dollar perhaps its worth 20 minutes of your time but for the price is just a bunch of nothing, the sounds are generic the combat is tedious and i spent my entire time running across the top empty on ammo and mindlessly collecting items to sell.aesthetically, the game looks like it could have been an awesome 8-bit zombie game but it falls short of what it could have been.basically it looks nice but the gameplay is boring and tedious and not worth a great amount of time, not even the local co-op was fun.
this is actually terrible
horrible game!the optimization is like it's running on a 32 bit engine, video quality is horrible and buggy. this game is just a flop and it was too hyped, i'd rather become a console peasant then play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.
dont bother. the game has some form of ridiculous registration system that never explains why it is making you jump through hoops nor explains how to do them. a more complicated process to access a game you have paid for i have never come across.
like counter strike with cars - ign
first off, this is a good mod, it shows lots and lots of untapped potential yet it is so lacking in so many ways, which i will list here.1.) single player onlywhile i was playing this i somewhat thought of call of duty zombies, and how well they can make a hoarde mode in their games, and how well multiplayer is used in it, and how you  can progress (which will be covered later) through the maps instead of you and your friends huddled in a corner. the game seriously needs this, it can potentially call for alot of funny moments and alot of fun times too. more often than not, in antlion survival i'm always having my ♥♥♥ eaten off and squished against a corner, and i'll have no cover fire. until i just eventually die. another way this can be used could be like a tower defense  gamemode, where you and a couple of pals or randoms fight whatever comes your way while defending objectives, or have a somewhat progression throughtout the map, and make them beatable and have somewhat of a storry to keep us sane while we wait for hl32.) balancing/leveling systemif you've played longer than 10 minutes, you know that eventually you will get infinite ammo, and have a shotgun spam fest. thats right, you can just double barrel fire the shotgun and jump around the map forever without dying or even being harmed. basically every weapon but shotguns,rpgs,grenades and other explosives are useless.leveling up gives you perks (most noted infinite aux and ammo) which are mostly just health and armor, and will give you extra health and armor upon leveling up. that presents another problem, you cannot die. when your b-hopping around shooting the shotgun, you get lots of xp, which raises your health, and your enemies do not level up along with you, just their numbers (which at times, including the antlion survival modes, can be extremel annoying) and it seems that the only way  you can die is just going afk and going on a date, shopping for groceries, walking your dog, watching 2001 a space odyssey, reading the whole harry potter series, and replacing all the walls in your house, while you get damaged by enemies.3.)mapsthese are just the maps from hldm, seriously, this game was made to be a hoarde mode right?? be creative will you????rating of the game at the current moment: 4/10 needs many improvements, unfinished, too easy
alas, another boring walking sim, for a genre that has alot of potential. i hardly understand whats even hapening, why its happening, and why i should waste my time on this. definetely not worth your money. but if you unfortunately become intersted in the games engine and aesthetic, wait until a sale comes up for this game.  3/10
this game makes me want to slowly cut my ♥♥♥♥ off with a spoon 10/10 would rather put blender blades in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
average game
full review:- updatethe latest crimefest content has forced me to now give a negative rating. this game is now literally paid to win as weapon skins, which can only be purchased with real money, provide stat boosts, as if dlcs that provide attachments that also provide stat boosts are not enough.everything else is copied from counter-strike: global offensive, including the rarity, "safes", keys, and the 'inspect weapon' animation.shame on you overkill.will not recommend.- storylinethere is not much plot to payday 2, which is staged in washington, dc and you are offered contracts by various key contractors who either request you help trasport narcotics, rob a bank, rob a big bank, rob a engine prototype or simply changing election results in favour of "four men, all votes" instead of "one man, one vote". community suggestions also led to introduction of new weapons and the break-out of a fellow heister who was sabotaged. however, some other extremely common community suggestions appear to be ignored or unaddressed.- gameplaythe heists are dynamic in a sense as camera placements, loot quantities and placements as well as guard routes can change every time the map is played, similar to that of left 4 dead 2. different events can also happen for the same heist and pose a challenge to the players -- although some do get annoying at times and when you've played long enough, you'll become experienced enough to handle the same old variations.some of the heists are also quite short-lived, as they can end as quickly as they were started and there are not much objectives in the heists, making the robberies highly repetitive and likely boring. a new friend of mine was shocked at the completion of the heist within 3 minutes. newer heists such as the big bank heist and hoxton breakout provide a quicker pace and a longer fight between the law enforcers and you -- but similarly it does not provide much variations. as such, the game has a balance of good and dull heists -- i had expected better seeing the awards though.there are four difficulties ranging from normal to death wish, where overkill would be the commonest difficulty when you're experienced and death wish would provide a truly engaging experience, unless you are stealthing and have not been caught. however, if you are new to the game, don't be eager to start in these high difficulties (although normal difficulty is truly boring even for a low level).you can heist in singleplayer mode, which limits you to yourself and 2 team ai bots, or you can play multiplayer with 3 other players. the singleplayer mode, which can be played offline, is annoying as overkill reduced the number of bots from 3 to 2. although the bots are tank on their own and can regenerate health and ammo, the bots lack skills and ability to help transport loot, making the player "all on their own" to carry out the goals. bots can also be interrupted by law enforcers and makes it extremely annoying when they stop reviving you to fight back even when you're going to custody in a second or the revival would complete in a second. bots are also essentially useless in stealth missions and all they do is to prepare in case the heist gets loud. in multiplayer, things are more interesting and payday 2 mainly revolves around multiplayer as different user interactions definitely makes the heist experience a more unique one.bugs are also common (to an extent) in payday 2. while some are fixed in the following few patches, others appear to be unresolved from day one till now.- graphicsplaying on 1920 x 1080 resolution, there has not been any major, gameplay-affecting pixelation yet and the lighting effects are not over-emphasised (which can cause the light bulbs to be brighter than the sun). the law enforcers' faces, especially the snipers, do look contorted though and probably can be improved. some jagged edges are visible though unlikely to be noticed in normal gameplay. graphic designs are however, in general, not neglected. walls are vandalised with graffiti instead of being left blank, food menus in the cafe stores are actually filled up and paintings can be destroyed.that being said, the textures and details are often extremely blurred, such as the bank branding on atm doors and food products. even if you argue that the grafitti blurred out due to age, it's too blurred for any monitor with a resolution greater than 720p (or somewhere there). although this game is a few years old, with the constant updates and huge game file size, you would think it has better graphics than the current, outdated one.- character feature(s)payday 2 follows system similar to that of rpg where there are 5 skill trees and several perk builds for you to choose from. you gain skill points upon leveling up and perk points upon receiving xp. although more dynamic compared to payday 1 as every player will now have (slightly) different builds and thus different abilities (compared to a high level player which simply has everything), the grinding can get tedious once you have reached level 70+ or 80+. this has been more or less rectified with the xp changes and it has been much easier to level up since then.payday 2 also allows more customisation compared to payday 1, where you can customise the mask colour, pattern and texture instead of simply choosing the masks. this allows more than a few million combinations for masks to choose from (although some are downright unappealing). masks are purely cosmetic and do not affect gameplay, other than showing your artistic sense.weapons can also be customised using the limited range of weapon modifications, which can be extended via dlc to gain access to better or more flexible mods. some mods are achievement-locked and require you to grind for them.- musicthe soundtracks suits the gameplay rather well, tensing up when law enforcement assault starts and slowing down when it ends, giving an additional brief respite. depending on the heist the soundtrack was based on, it can be classical music, a retro-styled music or even just "exciting" music that you can follow to. the soundtrack dlc is needed if you want the mp3 or flac files, which further allows you to customise your in-game soundtracks without the need to purchase other heist dlcs for the soundtrack. - pricingrefer to update.- verdictat its age, i would have expected more than dlc-locked content which are pumped out more often than free content (which wouldn't have mattered as much if the dlcs are more reasonably priced). despite the potential in the game, i am upset that the game has evolved into one that is simply money-making without actual new content.we are not robbing banks, guys. we are the ones getting robbed here.
short review:the game is dated and its age clearly shows. when i first got the game, the user reviews were mostly positive. now it's mixed, so you can probably tell from that too. full review:- gameplay & graphicswhile the scenes in the video look nice, playing it in 2014 with a 1680 x 1050 resolution and later in 2015 with a 1920 x 1080 resolution makes me feel like crying. if you force the game to full screen, it's pixelated, else it's small. i could adjust my default screen resolution to suit the game, but this simply reinforces that the game is outdated. it may be good in 2006, but certainly not now. the controls are your typical wasd and mouse interaction, while for the gameplay itself, i did not fully explore the game so i cannot offer a full storyline review. however, from my early stages in the game, it takes way too long to travel from one point to another with little to offer. while far cry also requires you to walk a long distance, at least you get to hunt some game. not in just cause 1. it's just holding w and hoping someday, you get there.- audiothe music and sound effects are pretty average in my opinion. i'm not a fan of it, but taste is subjective.- verdictdon't buy it, even it's for a really cheap 90% discount. unless you're using an older and smaller computer, you've played it before and you want to play it again. in that case, follow your desire.
short review:the game has literally nothing to do with the music. otherwise a worse-than-average platformer.full review:- gameplaythe game and level design is awful. it is a simple platformer with constantly flashing lights that do no part to make the game look nice and your friends don't here what music you are playing. if anything, the music is just what you play in the background. you don't jump, dodge or do anything that is related to the music, fully contrary to what it claims “discover gameplay with custom music” . there's nothing to customise at all.- controlsthe controls are also simple but really plain because of the poor execution. you find yourself trying hard to jump, run, dodge, not because it is difficult, but because the game mechanis are just off. you respawn next to the obstacle which continues to run even when you die, so you are essentially waiting for the right moment to jump -- and even then, it doesn't feel fun doing that. it is not tense at all. it is boring jumps and runs all the way. - verdicti am glad i got it for free. it was a waste of time to even install it.
short review:the game is dead. avoid it at all cost.full review:- gameplaythe game is about monkeys fighting other monkeys and trying to maintain their own power core.concept looks similar to other games like awesomenauts, but since this game only has pvp (no bots or offline mode) and all servers in all regions are empty, this game is essentially non-playable.as a result, i can't really rate the gameplay at all. other than a negative rating for the absence of offline mode.- verdictrun it for the trading cards. unless you happen to have some friends and you can withstand the brighter-than-the-sun glow from the damned torch.
as ive said in my teamfortress 2 review this game went from amazing banking game to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wreck. the game was amazing but now dlc and micro transaction rule. i was fine with the addition of skins but giving them stats cmon almir you said it was free you d*ckwad and you said payday 2 would never have micro transactions. we are disapointed overkill. just remove the crates or atleast the additional stats :(
terrible thats it just ♥♥♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
piece of rotting ♥♥♥♥ is all this game is
the combat gives me canceredit:try to fight some raptor looking thing teleports all around me so cant hit it with my spearit spits at mei cant see sheetlow af hp♥♥♥♥this.jpgdecide to runrun for a good whilemusic gonecant see the ♥♥♥♥erok lets craft some hats to level upimback♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.jpgi die.respawnthis is a funy looking areaget killed by big ♥♥♥ snake
lololololol.this game is shutting down guys. they closed the australian server so now i can't play without lag. spent real money on it just to be let down....
great game, fun to play with friends. but at its current state i can't recommend it. there is just not enough people playing and not enough things to do. sure there is always base building, but once you have actually finished your base, you have completed the game. recently had vehicles released but have not had the opportunity to try them out. if the game once again picks up in players i will consider playing it again. but at the moment, i would look around for a different game. unless of course you have a big group of friends to play with.
barely ran on my computer, many other games run fine but rust didn't want to co-operate. wouldn't suggest it to anyone without a high-end computer.
boring!!!!
no old school paint 0/69. uninstalling
♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥ game  dont waste your time  even if its free
paid mods... no thanks
i have never seen it fit to write a review about any game that i have disliked. however, dont waste your time with this sh*t. poorly optimized, horrid hit registry and pathetic guns and classes. this game encourages team work but doesnt have the basic gameplay fundamentals to support a range of approaches. your time will be spent walking through fields, looking at low textured walls and hillsides untill someone you cant see, either its due to poor render distance and resolution or theyre just straight up the master of disguise, pushes your brain out of your skull. when this game does go well it is at best a lot of shooting at areas where you think enemies might be, until you are killed and forced to spawn across the map and run all the way back because your squad leader forgot to put down a spawn beacon. just do yourself a favour, if you want big open spaces and to pretend to be a 'real soldier', play arma. if you want devastating gunplay with walls and surfaces with actual textures, play insurgency. this is a hybrid of the two that just simply is unnecessary. feels like ive been here and done it all before, except with a game that actually worked. overall it is not a 'bad' game but f&ck it hurts to play.
11/10 would rate againseriously this game was fun untill they added the robot factory where people who spend real money on the game could buy any bot they wanted, then changing how gaining is a grind and you have to play a long time in order to get stuff fix your ♥♥♥♥ freejam.ps the game developers need to nerf proto-seeker\edit:i feel like i dont get any robobits anymore which is stupid
at first i didn't enjoy tf2, but after playing a bit more i can see the good points. although not really my cup of tea the game is free and has an active community. worth a try at least.
this game is just a massive camp fest. deleted.
jogo todo zuado que  ♥♥♥♥♥
wow..... i mean i have played games where the controls and lag are bad but this game takes the cake. everything i have heard about it is a lie.i do not suggest buying this game and waiting through he 5.9gb download just to be let down.... more like thrown to the ground and stomped. for $30 this is certainly theft.the movement mechanics are shot, everything you step on or walk into has the wrong collisions. finding materials is glitchy as you cannot pick up items most of the time.communication, well i played 2 servers, used the voice chat and the global typing and no replies what so ever, so either people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or that isnt working either.yes i understand the game is alpha, but for this much to be going wrong and the game being as old as it is already... i mean wow!
thanks
je joue au jeu depuis le noël 2014, commençons par les points positifs :- les exos sont un vrai plus pour le dynamisme du jeu, c'est vriament changeant, mais agréable surprise ils sont faciles à prendre en main- de meilleurs graphismes (et effets sonores par la suite), surtout en ultra où le jeu est vraiment beau- un gameplay très nerveux (grâce aux exos notamment)- une personnalisation très poussée (il faut quand même gagner les parties de tenues dans les supply drops qui sont des colis qui vous donnent des nouvelles armes ou autres comme des tenues)- des variantes d'armes qui sont plus ou moins efficaces (malheureusement obtenues aléatoirement, j'y reviendrait un peu plus tard)- un solo, qui pour moi, est bon, avec au moins 6h de jeu si vous voulez aller vite. les cinématiques sont justes exceptionnelles, j'ai même cru qu'elles étaient réelles tellement c'était ... réel ! (à moins que les cinématiques sont tournées comme des scènes de film)malheureusement (et c'est ce qui fait que je ne recommande pas le jeu), les points négatifs :- la version pc est mal optimisée, trop de bugs et erreurs fatales, qui font qu'on ne peut absolument pas profiter des points positifs (impossible que le jeu tienne 30 minutes ingame en multijoueur sans qu'il y ait crash total avec erreur fatale en titre de message ...). pour info à chaque fois que le jeu bug, il y a au moins 2h30 d'installation avec les 6 disques et les màj à upload ... il y a aussi plein de chute de framate (qui sont des baisses du taux de rafraîchissement qui permet d'avoir un plus grand nombre d'image par seconde) qui pourrissent le jeu en multijoueur et surtout en multijoueur - les "advanced supply drops" : ne les achetez surtout pas ! c'est du pigeonnage à plein pot ... 40€ pour 26 colis qui ne vous rapporteront que très peu voir aucune choses intéressantes (contenus élites) et quand même 2€ un seul advanced supply drop (au lieu de 2 steaks qui auraient pu vous rassasier ...)- trop de déséquilibreq en multijoueur, surtout avec les fameuses armes élites qui sont obtenues àléatoirement, donc un mauvais joueur peut très bien tomber sur une arme surpuissante alors qu'un joueur professionnel peut très bien ne jamais avoir cette arme là ... (c'est mon cas, je n'ai toujours aucune armes élites dans mon arsenal malgré mes heures de jeu, uniqement quand j'ai pu jouer bien sûr)- des connexions foireuses et le sbmm : le mode de recherche est basé sur le niveau du joueur (ce qui est en soi une bonne chose car ça permet de mettre les joueurs pro ensembles et les joueurs débutants ensembles) mais souvent il n'est pas géré suivant les connexions des joueurs, et oui il n'y a toujours pas en 2015 de serveurs dédiés sur un call of duty ... peut-être que dans mon cas je suis chanceux mais je tombe souvent sur des allemands qui ont des connexions plus performantes qu'en france, conséquences pour certains : impossibilité de jouer correctement sans lag.si vous avez une console, prennez le sur la votre, car sur pc c'est vraiment difficile de jouer ...
as a f2p it could be a lot better. very limited access for no money, and for full access, costs an arm and a leg. would not recommend this game to anyone.
not worth the money, the gameplay is average.
i know how well some think of this title, but i really don't think the crysis series as more than just a graphics benchmark.
game is ded and needs the developers back,but the game is ded
this game feels a lot like warface in the sense that it's a shooter with classes and unlockable rewards with the addition of micro transactions, which is great! this game however feels like the creators stopped making the game two months into creating it. the graphics are atrocious, the controls are awkward and the gunplay just never feels right, i can get two shot by an smg from a mile away where my sniper whcih says it deals 100 damage (the same amount of hp as a player) body shots for 100 damge but the enemy i shot is left with 1 health. another point to make is that i understand these free games need to make money but making people have to pay money for grenades is just stupid. the higher classes lay waste to the recruit classes and shotguns can destroy from any range (any). it plays very much like an unfinished game. therefore i dislike this game, i like what it's trying to do (warface genre) but it misses it's target by so much that it basically gave up on aiming!
i recall trying out this game on-site before and the concept is good, it is cute and you get some funny moments. also, mice. i may not like mice that much but i'm not the one to complain about mice too much.but from what i read in some reviews this game is going pretty much downhill as i type, and this is coming from a lurker who plays games once in a while and prefers to play as a guest. i have heard that the people in there are like a bunch of dead horse beaters (and by that i mean extremely rude and punishing-for-no-good-reason people, drama mongers, people who insult you for either being new or dying a lot etc). i've also read about how bugs take too long to fix (or never get fixed at all) and the staff are immensely lacking in public relations and moderation ethics.unless something is actually done to deal with all these issues, i recommend avoiding this game altogether. if this situation continues i expect a shutdown in around a year or two.
extreme lack of updates, cars sound the same, smaller cars get run off the track too easily, ai is stupid, poor customisation (currently), very annoying theme song. just a lack of content in general. there's only so much figure-8 derbys you can do with a car you can't even upgrade. this game has been in early access for years.nice damage model though.
if it wasn't for the music this would be an immensely boring game.
when i played the elder scrolls, modders and the modding community were not a part of the community for financial gain. monetizing something like this seems pointless and against the sharing community spirit. -  bad rats !!
your mums fat
literally the worst piece of ♥♥♥♥ i have ever seen.completely trash copy-paste of an asset.multiplayer doesn't work properly.the whole game makes me want to ♥♥♥♥ing die.do not buy it. it's horrible.
new update sucks. im deleting the game for 2 major reasons. 1: the crate system is horrible. the currency system was so much better. 2: the tech tree was awesome. but now they removed it and scewed over the game becuase now it is completley random. plz bring back the old game everyone loves.
this may very well kill what made the elder scrolls stand out on the pc.modders have worked in the past on the basis of collaboration to make great things. that won't be possible here.on top of that bethesda and steam think they are owed a 75% cut for what may include none of their original assets. think again.
terrible game dont buy it i bought it by accident thinkin it was the one ze royal vikings plays its not its terrible
primeiramente, qual é o objetivo de castle miner z?-construir armas e matar inimigos infinitamentee se eu quiser construir uma casa?-bem, voce precisa fica 3 horas cavando, porque voce vai precisar de muito material que não quebra rapidamentee se eu quiser cortar uma árvore?-voce precisa ser paciente, pois a cada 2 segundos vem 3 inimigos de uma vez e nunca vao te dar sucegovou morrer muito e perder meus itens?-sim, voce vai morrer muito e tudo que fica no seu inventário depois da morte é a primeira barra de itens.eu posso recuperar meus outros itens?-nãonota: 1/10
if you are considering of buying this game i would like to recommend you take a coding lesion, and make a game in which you walk forward. i strongly believe that it will be more entertaining and a better use of your time and money.
rubbish. lack of 2d cockpits has no real world application and unless you have a 100 000 setup like that which is foudn in some flying schools it's not worth getting for anything more than having fun.
what the ♥♥♥♥ do console plebs know about games? this is a heinous console port and that is probably all you need to know to avoid it. but if you're still curious:this guy moves like a mongoloid. faceplants from cardboard boxes and is critcally indecisive on fences when being cannoed at by helicopter. all the deaths were desevred and i wish they were real. i hate this guy.
potato; colon marnies is a terrible game. okay, it's not terrible terrible, but short and potatoy terrible. and wrong. and ♥♥♥♥♥ shakey. and 'mcmurrica. you know. you know what kind of game this is. it'll make you sad. thanks, gearbawx.
right now the servers arent legit and ever since it was free the skill level of players have dropped significantly.
bull ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
holy s*** i don't even know where to start reviewing this game. i don't even know if i recommend it or not at this point.coming from someone who has a decent amount of experience with unity (the engine this game was made with) i can tell you the developers spent maybe two weeks at most making this. i'm 99% sure the only real work that went into this was the small amount of coding it took to program the movement and weapons (which still isn't even well done). everything else has either been bought from the unity asset store or downloaded for free. i really can't tell if it's laziness or straight up incompetence but almost no effort has gone into polishing the game. it's the little details that no one normally notices that makes literally all the difference, such as: the gun not rendering over the pause menu. having more than one 30 second song for the entire game. all the menu fonts being the same size. somewhat decent audio mixing.  gun models facing the right direction. clear and concise ui design. the day/night cycle not being an instant change. i could keep going for hours...but by far the biggest issue with this game is its mechanic design. it feels as though the devs never once stopped to think about how the game feels to a potential player or what would make the game more interesting. absolutly no research into the design of other games and what makes them succesfull was done and no time was taken to ensure the game was engaging. it all comes back to the devs spending nowhere near enough time in development. "oh man i'm getting pretty bored of making this game" "ehhh, it's technically a finished product. let's just dump it on steam, make our money back and do something else"there are so many issues that are basic game design 101 it's physically painful to try and list them all. there is zero context as to who you are or why there are zombies everywhere.  when one level ends you are (without warning or context) teleported to the next level. every level is exactly the same with a different map. the "boss fights" are so bad i can't even describe them. you start with nowhere near enough ammo.  zombies just randomly spawn around the map, sometimes in plain sight of the player. the minimap doesn't rotate with the player making it impossible to tell where enemies are coming from. every level is 15 minutes even though they have maybe 2 minutes at most of content.  the progression and unlock system is useless. nothing you unlock gives you a feeling of progress as every gun functions basically identically. i got enough money in three levels to unlock every character and weapon in the entire game. as i said before the ui looks like complete garbage and is extremely confusing. i swear everytime i play the fov gets smaller to a point where i can barely even play. because of its spaghetti code, the game struggles to maintain 30 fps (despite looking terrible) on my upper middle level rig that can run most modern games on high at above 60. etc..however this, like all terrible games, has a few positives that makes it almost (key word almost) worth the time and money you waste on it. i recommend you and a bunch friends buy this game when it's on sale just to laugh at and to have a good time. i'm not gonna lie though, i did have a little bit of fun while playing it. and to digital homicide (even though you most likey wont read this). i understand that you have a dream of being a respected game developer and it hurts when people harshly criticise or even attack you for your work, but everything people say about you and your games, for the most part, is true. and until you start taking your time and making games that people accually want to play, you will get endless amounts of s*** and trust me, suing big youtubers who give you a negative review will never improve your image. to do that you need to show your worthy of a good image instead of trying to buy your way there.
♥♥♥♥, waste of time
this game is completely unplayable for me.the game always freezes at certain points, forcing me to manually turn my computer off and on from its power button.i have tried disabling its auto save feature, uninstalling and reinstalling the game, deleting the game’s files from my pc, etc. but nothing seems to help.therefore i cannot recommend this game until this issue gets fixed (which it probably won’t).  
i just can't really seem to get into it......
not gonna play anymorei recomend this to anyone and everyone who already hasn't got it but im afraid for the most players who have allready played it / are coming into higher ranks will be annoyed to uninstallationand these are the pros and conspros:fight in land/air/wallsunlimited customisationfun for all cons:p2w in higher levelsold players with mix bots have no chance of changing there bots to required blocks without starting from tier 1 and might aswell restartno overtieringlow credit gain slow levels towards 50+ moreim sorry that the cons are bigger than the pros but it was fun untill over worked and many people have heard ths before just like any game on steam again another developer has been corrupted by the power of popularity farewell to the once great now ♥♥♥♥ titlerespect for dev gone                                                                                                                                                                                                             sincerley taariqamozilla
umm... wow was this made by a 5 yr old its so bad just downl.... nevermind dont even. u cant even set paths to where u keep your images and music files, the icons looed like they were designed by a 7 yr old and wtf is basic mode and pro mode why wern't the pro options in basic like seriously.lol found caps lock button. (jk)
no d-dont even bruh now ima go play some openspades
i havent played much of this game but ive already seen some major flaws heres what happendi pressed play waiting for game to load.......waiting......waiting.................ahhhaaa yess think to myself "the screen resoloution is way off i guese i have to set it in settings"then waiting on the white and crossed background waiting.......waiting....ahhaa a video ummmmm.....no sound ok the volume 20% no sound volume 50% no sound volume 100% noooo soundd!! volume overrr 9000000000 i think "well not every game is perfect" after video loading......loading.........loading....freez so i restart my computer. i get back on loading..done "yass" get through tutorial "looks frikin amazin" click quick mach gets in realy quick, play ten minutes and get message you have been kicked for violation of sucurity ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t "hoooowwww thheeee ♥♥♥♥ckkckc" game closes.the only thing cool is that it looks and feels like borderlands+tf2+cod
why did i buy this game
sso if you are going to give me a sword, atleast let me know how to use it! and unity 101 put a damn exit button.  here ill do it for you   if (input.getkey("escape"))            application.quit(); you are welcome.
it cannot play ♥♥♥♥♥es
it's take an hour time to join a server and it said connection timed out
welcome to dynasty warriors 8: xtreme legends incomplete edition with last gen port (xbox 360/ps3). graphics quite worse. dlcs are overpriced, although most of them are skins and costume. you can't change costumes in story mode, only in free/ambition/challenge mode.
*bane's voice* i'm a simple man. i see microtransactions i downvote.
*bane's voice* i'm a simple man. i see microtransactions i downvote.
to nordic games. thank you for your key so i can write this review. the deathinitive edition still have micro stutter(tested on gtx 770 and gtx 960), crash, missions bug, texture bug.etc...yes the game is playable (if you lucky enough) but de seems to be abandoned. i didn't hear any news from them (the last patch was still beta since nov 15 2015). if you can just grab the original game. it's a good game but i hope de can take some time to continue to fix it.update: for those who asking "you only play a few hours. why you you give negative review ?". i love darksiders franchise and i owned the original game. it's more stable than the deathinitive edition. i try my best to play but it crash 5 - 6 times in 1 hour. now i know why they highlight "death" edition.
continued of the "success" dynasty warriors 8 incomplete edition. may i present to you dead or alive® 5 last gen. after delayed in order to provide players with "the best experience possible." there are will be no extra stages, because it port from last gen (ps3) so no soft engine, less graphics. and get ready for tons of overpriced dlcs (right now $462.38 usd).
cannot get to load on linux, white screen is all i getting. should not have to be messing around with my flash setting to get this to work...
cannot get to load on linux, white screen is all i getting. should not have to be messing around with my flash setting to get this to work...
low violence version in australia.
lovely to spend $142 aud to get the season pass and then to eagerly stay up all night while the game was downloading to eventually log on to play and can't even have a half decent game since the lag is crazy unless the settings are as low as possible where it looks like it was made in the 1990's. thanks for the wasted $142 and motivating me to go and buy an xbox 1. and no, my computer isn't ♥♥♥♥ and i can play most other games easily with out a trace of lag.
about as much fun as shooting yourself in the foot
♥♥♥♥ this game
i get 30fps at max graphics and 30fps and min graphics. my graphics card came out last year and i can play any other game very easily at low-high graphics depending on the game. literally unplayable.
not worth playing... overall bad game.. was hoping for something meaningful but it's really not. for example as the old man i found some kids fighting over a toy. i bought them a second toy "now they will never fight again for this toy. i am happy" and thats his whole story. the other 2 stories are just as bad. no offense to the creator, this is a good effort for someone learning how to make a game, but it shouldn't be on steam and isn't rewarding to play at all.
this game dont work 
blockeist game ever
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ what is this free to play ♥♥♥♥ i payed 80 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars and now its free to ♥♥♥♥ing play what the ♥♥♥♥
i wouldnt recommend this game on steam because lag/fps dropping and its definitley not the best cod
its pretty bad but fun with friends?graphics suck and micro transactions but hey its freeeeeee!!! 
♥♥♥♥ this game, don't get it.
no, just no
game is fine and fun but from what i have played i wouldnt not play it for too long... dont get me wrong i enjoy the steath game but come on why does the movement through cover seems so jotty and switching is rediculously clunky and a little broken (good broken=op) and its not like with a full fov most of things you want to see and can get you alerted is always just out fo sight and gets u into trouble a fair bit plus the feeding mechanic is rediculously long hold timmer for you to feed, half the time you tend to kill the people u are will to feed on and feed in people you want to kill..the shadow power feel amazing but as like the cover it is clunky and restrictive as welli do enjoy it but not enough to give it a thumbs up and to replay itohh yeah the 2 times save funtion deals a good challenge..  i dont know if it has checkpoints cause i ust could not bear to play it any longer
this is feking ♥♥♥♥ no ones on the servers and its dead do not buy
this game gives user an achievement when they enter the game menu, which means buy this game is some sort of achieving? also, people in game never took a dump, while i'm feeling a little bit constipation for a while, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me off.i've done another run, everyone is starving to death while at the same time i have 100+ vegi and 80+ meat in stock, fyi there are 3 canteens for around 80 survivors, i think those resource is quite enough to use for a long while if ai is not at dumb as this.
not as good as team fortress 2
9/9 gr8 m9appreciate if valve could wipe hackers and dekrankers
the game just turned into ♥♥♥♥ from a shiny bright star up in the space.oh... payday... what have happened to you?overkill has ruined this. with only 5gb worth of weapon skins with attributes. how many time did they take to this? not even a day, and the community has flipped the table.m-i-c-r-o-t-r-a-n-s-a-c-t-i-o-n-s, because this was the only thing the game was needing, right?not only because this game already had a ♥♥♥♥♥on of u$5 dlc (not saying it's wrong, it's a really good way to do marketing tho, with dlc that isn't really necescessary to the gameplay, it's totally optional), they needed to add microtransactions as of another way of earning money.i guess overkill is tryharding to be valve really bad in here.[imgur.com]not only bad as of the skins, rumors running over /r/paydaytheheist and /vg/ that pdth heists are coming temporary to payday 2. this is good right? well, the bad comes now......as the last day of the crimefest, they will extend the "free weekend" payday 2 experience forever. that's right, payday isn't just turning p2w as of today (microtransaction skins have special attributes!), but it will turn f2p in some days.my final word? well, i put a lot of effort on this game. not wasting only my time by playing it, but interacting with the community, helping and creating as many content i could aswell, i just hoped that the game didn't break apart like this.just one tip to overkill: as of always, listen to your community.edit:as a protest, not only by me, but from a really good part of the community, some actions are being taken to show overkill our opinion.* not playing payday 2 | current players[steamcharts.com]* taking a down review of the game on steam* tagging the game as "microtransactions" on steamand just as reminder on microtransactions, there's this article[www.gamespot.com], this one[i.imgur.com], and this[i.imgur.com], all written by almir listo himself._____sources of 4chong/reddit leaks:pdth heists/gun skins (this post is as of yesterday 6am)[puu.sh]completely overkill pack special stuff is totally going to be a exclusive skinpayday 2 free to play[imgur.com]
not a very good game at all, with literally hours of unwanted complexity. you may like it, but i thought it was  waste of time and money
it was once so beautiful, but look at it now
i cant play!!!, when i click play appears that there's a problem finding or creating one of the game's folders  please help me!!!!!!!!!!!
honestly, i spend my money on this and it crashes on launch.
this game is the worst you create a charecter and then press connect and it doesnt work and iv tried reinstalling, and identifying all the files and it still doesnt work all i got to say to the creators is that fix the bugs and learn to make a proper game
this game is not terrible but its not the best
fun gameutter toxic community. you will litterlally get kicked for no reason.no matter how terrible or good you do. i once found this fun. now its just turned to where the butthurt are in charge
lazy ♥♥♥♥ing game. its good here and there. but over all, ♥♥♥♥ing lazy
gods damn you paradox, you make such great games but you ruin it by constantly releasing these packs for little images when its quite obvious it should be a free dlc.
slow and droll, not nearly up to expectations, and they were rather low.
a once great game that has become almost unplayable due to hackers and mods. new players  have no chance at all, they rage quit and don't come back. the developers are so busy trying to cater to the mindless percentage ( that has the attention span of a rock in a gold fish tank) with new flashing lights and bells that the game play has suffered to the point that long time players are now looking for other games to play. with no new comers and with veterans leaving, the writing is on the wall for this game, which is a shame, the simple graphics and fair game play were the best things about this game.
fix the dammm action client. this is a really fun game but its been ruined by the action client and poor engines. theses need to be fixed other wise the games just dead weight on my computer so untill this is fixed this game is pointless
i wish refunds were a thing when this came out...
this game was inspiring to buy at first (5 months ago). now i think this game was not what it said out to be like, examples space battles and no as much as mining*this game is about mining**don't buy this game*#nomanslie
wow! i've always wanted something to waste the free space on my hard drive!10/10 would not play again.
tricked friend into looking at dong.10/10pros:highly customizableaccess almost anything from the gamesupport for the oculus rift (i think?)cons:almost everything must be unlockedmultiplayer is shoddybuggyoptions that apparently don't do anything in some menus
i would like to say this is actually a serious review.at first, i thought team fortress 2 was a fantastic game. it was a solid team based fps with an interesting variety of classes and many weapons and items for all of said classes. it seemed great. after a while of playing it, i have realised how boring it is.my problem is that really to have fun, you need to have lots of these weapons to add variety (because otherwise it is repetitive). the only problem is that you have to earn these weapons or trade for them - and by the time you've done all that (which is, again, repetitive and boring), you are tired of playing the game anyway because all you've done is sit around and trade or do the exact same thing over and over.then there are the people that you may encounter in the servers:mic-spammers.high-pitched annoying people (raging or asking to trade mostly).spawn campers.etc.(but that stuff is usually on all games with a mic or whatever)i would recommend this game if i felt that you didn't  have to earn the fun rather than just get into the game and have fun right away. pros: well-done team-based gameplay.9 classes to choose from.plenty of weapons, cosmetics.still updated and maintained.great art style.haven't seen a single hacker. cons: earning items is a repetitive and boring task. (you are usually automatically considered a noob when you have no cosmetics)as mentioned above - the mic-spammers, etc.trading or buying items is basically essential if you do not want to be called a noob or terrible.quite a bit of the community i have are not the most kind people to new, unexperienced players.people seem to enjoy exploiting bugs/glitches.too many people rage.they are essentially turning the game into a free-to-play crappy version of cs:go.more cosmetics to have to not be considered a noob with the gun mettle update.on top of all those, there is the annoying "don't kill me i am a x" or "don't kill me because i am doing x" then there is the abundance of fake youtubers and try-hards who ruin everything for everyone.it was fun for a while, but now it seems like a chore to play.
framerate halved when i looked at a barrel.10/10 would framerate again.
as i wasnt even able to get into a match due to the incomprehensible menus and redicolous lobby system for matches, my review is only based on the short time i could tolerate this mess of a game.dont wate your time even downloading this game, its extremley out dated and there are far better free to play games that do everything this game tries to do but better, the text is microscopic, the resolution dosent seem to change at all when you can even find the options menu and there dosent seem to be a quit option anywhere.this game might be ok if it was a mobile game but not as anything else.
personally, i like it.it's not like i played a ton or anything but its still all gud. i got it early when it was $12 and it wouldnt run on my old af pc. so i got a new one and tried it out. terraria in space boi. i somehow got anyother copy of the game for free. idgaf what other people say but if i were you i would wait for a sale before buying dis game. just sayin! if you really want what this game says it gives, starbound is a better option. but if you really want it wait for a sale. a summer sale. this summer sales its on 3.74 maybe you can buy it. i don't know. or  if you really dont want to spend money on it come to me. i have a copy i would trade with you. 5/10 would wander aimlessly again
wow why $79.95 i dont like to buy big game like farcry 4 but why can it be like $19.99 plz i love this game and what is for the emperor edition? plz make it $19.99 plz if they make this cash down to $19.99 i will buy it and i will say this a no so more cash :(
i tried the multiplayer and really wanted to like it. i had hoped that they would actually do something different with it. i'll admit the specialists, thrusters, and a few new weapons make it slightly different, but at the end of the day it's still the same ridiculously unbalanced game where the fastest firing weapon wins. with the exception of sniper rifles. however the zombies is pretty fun (this coming from the guy who doesn't even like zombies mode.) so if you like zombies, or have a group of friends to play this with in a private lobby than this game is for you. (i guess if you are one of those ♥♥♥♥boys that just buy it every year it's pretty good for you too.)tl;dr: same game as it always was and will be. fun zombies. modding tools will come out in 2016. (looking forward to that)
it's like csgo and call of duty had a miscarriage.
given all the trailers and hype in the months leading up to the release, you could be forgiven if you thought that this is finally the year for pes to usurp fifa for the crown of football games on pc. konami missed a clear 1-on-1 situation and it was not even close.there are merits to this game; i think it is the best pes game on pc since pes 6. the monthly stats reports in master league and the added features of fluid formations and tactics are reminiscent of football manager and do add some level of authenticity to the game.the on-the-ball player movement, the timing for passes and tackles, manual aiming and the actual dynamics of the ball in different situations are much improved compared to previous incarnations of the series, and arguably, better than that of fifa 16. as such the gameplay of pes 2016 is also more challenging and tactical than fifa 16 (by comparison of superstar and legendary).but there are a number of glaring problems that undermine most of what is good about the game. the most prominent problem is the ui, which is an eye-sore, but the graphics are equally appaling. the fact that the pc graphics isn't anywhere close to what had been shown in previews is deceptive and incredibly offensive from konami.online play is plagued with lag, long waiting time and poor eventual matchmaking.the previous addition of myclub serves no purpose other than as a rival fut, it lacks originality; they have made some changes this year but the connection to their server is too unstable, the mechanics and gameplay depth are also lagging behind that of fut.roster updates are not being done promptly enough and offline capability is lacking, which is a big negative when things in this genre is about authenticity.some aspects of the actual football game are short of what is expected, in particular, the leniency of referees to some outrageous tackles, the inability for gk to catch or deal with set pieces, the over-aggressive defensive plays and the frequent, significant fluctuation of player form in the space of days.team kits, team names, team crests, player names, league names...it’s one thing to have ucl and uel license, but not having the others really affected the game’s authenticity. you can argue that ea lacked certain licensing as well, but at least they have worked hard to present appealing substitutes to the gamers and have also worked in other areas to compensate for their inadequacies. i cannot say the same for the case of konami and pes.pes 2016 is still a quintessential pes game, good mostly in terms of player-tactics and on-the-ball dynamics. if you are a pes-exclusive player, this is certainly an improvement from last year’s game. if you are a fifa-exclusive player wondering what the pes hype was about, the answer is ‘nothing noteworthy’. if you are still undecided or are a newbie to the football game sub-genre, i would wholeheartedly recommend against buying pes 2016.tl;dr: fifa is still king of the football games for pc.
the game crashes after completing the first objective and i have to restart. this repeats.
its a rip off... thats free
"hey bill""yea steve""you know the game we made with a giant comunity of pc gamers?""yes""the ones that put money into it and helped make the game?""yes""well i have an idea""what?""why dont we completely abandon them and work on a ps4 version instead""great idea steve lets go tell jim"morale: blame bill, steve and jim for what has happenedps: ps4 gamers your next!!!
it seems like a good game and all, but if your australian the best ping you can hope for is 450.
dislike it. "its a scam"                     - squeker 1/100000000000
é ruim, lol é melhor hu3hu3hu3
1/5 rating because i only have 1/5 pieces of this game. i can't wait for ♥♥♥♥ i will die one day.
本人喜欢玩太阁5三国10所以本作还是很喜欢的可是尼玛很多细节地方一看就知道是故意不做好为了pk而硬删的感情尼玛暗耻一年时间用来做三国志13一年时间用来拆三国志1390刀买一半游戏也是醉了来点诚意吧
5.27更新:一个人打将星挺无聊的5.17更新:1吕布传内容不错有新意有诚意2对打法和选人都有一定策略要求,有割草早期的感觉3高画质cg和低画质演算画面穿插还是一贯的坑爹-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------老掉牙的古董分屏,渣画质,暗荣一贯的坑爹,英文晦涩难懂,指令更是无法理解,complete edition还要出dlc,果然战国和信野才是亲儿子.三国系列已经被暗荣草烂了,小伙伴们洗洗睡吧
各种乌龙啊各种黄油手啊除了界面几乎没亮点伤病好多啊每个球队都是兵工厂，伤病满员新的roles还是很有意思的
one of worst game ever played
dont know how its like... the menu is so slow and you cant get into servers
i love that type of games, but... if there aren'r any player online to play with... this game make the same function than a rock on the road, nothing. the developers should add a single player. if not... this game will be forgotten
look i loved all the other games but this is just getting a bit ridiculous. you have call of duty beat scott.
you would have a beter time stabing yourself then this game
i bought this "game" thinking "hey,if the mod was such a success then the standalone must be amazing!"i was wrongvery......wrong
no i wouldnt recommend this game, its the biggest hunk of ♥♥♥♥ ive ever played
the game needs a tutorial and a longer quest line till getting distess beacon
i already purchase my season pass and other dlcs that are recorded in my purchase list why the hell is it written in game that i should purchase it again for me to use it ? wtf ! ?
this game will reset your characters! just had all mine returned back to level f*cking one, i had two level 15 survivors and a level 10 killer. now nothing. f*ck you guys, seriously.
a game based off its title.it's a pretty miscreated game, couldn't even get it to launch.i do not recommend this game because of its unreliability.do not purchase this game, it was a mistake i'll have to live with for the rest of my life.i cri evrytiem.don't buy it!
eu não consegui as skins ( e sim eu ativei o codigo na loja e ele disse que já estava ativado ) somente as de ouro e as safari d:
hiroshima's radiation levels are more stable than the league servers on this game :/
while i do not completely regret paying two dollars like some (seriously it's two dollars, but some people....) i do not recommend the game.i can imagine if you were in the right mood to be creeped out this would make an exellent purchase, but it didn't work for me at the time. the story isn't all that 'horrifying' but more along the lines of 'maybe creepy?;.the game has nice music and good horror creatures. unfortunately, while the creatures would very work well in a hollywood film, the games main horror is based off something the game's founder realised when his colleague was drawing on a napkin (true story).the gameplay...is a bit eh. "the game leaves it up to you to figure out every part of its increasingly bizarre universe" this part of the gameplay is alright except the game feels more centered towards the story. the controls are good but the actual things you need to do are a bit annoying, it feels like trying to keep a balloon in the air while moving your hands with wasd.pros:-somewhat creepy story-the art is alright but only actually serves to pull off the plot twist-the musical ambience is very well made-tight controls-nice end scene (gameplay, not cinematic)-cheapcons:-not really that horrifying-30 minutes long-no replay value (unless this is the only game you own that you like)-annoying gameplay at points-the game came off a napkin. again, true story.
yeah, the game is kinda ok if you haven't played any of the other x series. ui is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. no autopilot. no script editor. only 1 flyable ship, a whole bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t gameplay features that are completely unnecessary. and 90% of the games framerate issues are caused by ai and un-optimisation. if you really want to experience x rebirth the way it was probably supposed to be, get x3 terran conflict, and the albion prelude expansion for it... much much better. most likely cheaper to, and less boob windows and bald 50 year old women.
i might catch some oil pot heat for this, but it needs to be said.chivalry, at its essence, is a good game, i loved playing it.sadly, a combination of questionable design choices, chronic issues of bugs and miscellaneous problems and relatively poor optimisation, are just a few reasons why i cannot in good conscience recommend this to anyone, especially not at full price.if this game ever goes free to play (whether that's a good thing or a bad thing for chivalry is debatable), then i would say maybe give it a try, because despite its flawed execution the core concept underneath is good.however, until that day comes (if ever), i would advise you to save your money, and spend it on a title that is actually worth paying $20 for. torn banner really dropped the ball on this one.
no
terrible pc port of a lucklustre and confused game. is it free roaming exploration? is it hack and slash combat? is it squad based action? is it an rts? it tries to do all of the above and does none of them properly.
don't let the thumbs-down misguide you, this is a decent game and an encouraging burst of fresh air even among indie titles. but 'gone home' just doesn't deserve your $19.99. i finished the base game in a little under two hours and after that there's next to no playability. get it on sale or don't get it at all.
unplayable at minimum or even recommended specs (playing on low)
wtf i payed so much money for this bloody game and now you tell me is free???are you kidding me
dis is an pretty poopy game$2 not well spent
at this point its a no...... but if the devs get anything close to the trailer, then it might be worth your time. at this point i would nor bother.... all its going to do is take up space on your hard drive and leave you feeling like a sucker
i bought shadow of mordar (som) as pre-release trailers reminded me of my favorite game of all time, skyrimthe game started out promising, the story (ofcourse), plot, initial cut scene and background, this later was dissolved by what seemed to be a frustrating gameplay of mouse-bashing. i can almost guarantee, my wireless mouse battery had taken a major hit since som. the re spawn rate of the uruks and their captains is phenomenal.there was a city which i literally cleared out, only to witness before i exited 50% of the uruks have resurfaced, on the way out of the city, more seem to be re-spawning and heading towards the city. there is no break, no relief, it's constant mouse-bashing with hardly any skill requirement. i understand we're in mordar, but the gameplay was just stupid as you just spent the entire play mouse bashing uruks.mouse movement was another failure, im not sure how this panned out on consoles, but you can increase your sensitivity to 10000 and still get areas of movement where you need a 10ft mouse pad to cater, while other movement seemed to confirm the (hypothetical) 10000 sensor settingvarious "power ups" were useless, one was that you can viciously stab an uruk with a dagger causing the fleet to flee in terror. i attempted this in various scenarios only the group took one step back, then proceeded to attack as normal.this game had great potential, but also had many flaws which basically dragged it into the abyss of the avid gamer, 6/10 for me.
this game does not work not in the way as its not fun but in the way as it does not work! the "artists'' dont fix anything they just release more content and they've already made a hollow promis to ''fix '' the problems but dont you think they might fix it instead of lieing and pushing out more content
jogo muito fraco  e repetitivo, não vale a pena pelo preço.
well instead of fix the games various issues such as lattancy problems, no we'll chuck in microtransaction and make assault rifles uselless. oh and by the way wait a week before buying this game because it's most likly going free to play. which make me and others angry because we've wasted our money on this game, which was once great and now is utter ♥♥♥♥.
broken, frame rate is terrible, poor optimization , repetitive gameplay and got bord
this game sounded really good so i downloaded it, it didn't take that long so i thought cool but when i got to the gameplay it is slow boring and they don't teach you anything you have to figure it out on your own and the gameplpay is so slow you can be walking/jogging because the running doesn't really count as running but back to the point you can be going around for hours and not find any animals and you have to pay to be able to hunt more than 2 different species of animals it is such a waste of time really dissapointing ik i haven't put much time into the game but so far it is bad.
i got this game i liked it it had some bugs and the worst things about it was the fact that every mission is either talking to people or clearing out dungeons that jst seemed reskinned  and then the absolute worst thing about this game is the fact that i put it down for a little bit (about 2-3 days) go back all my characters are ♥♥♥♥ing gone! that has made me uninstall this ♥♥♥♥
its only after 2 hours of gameplay that you realise, wtf am i doing with my life11/10 would hate myself again
o jogo até que é legal mas é muito bugado '-'-todos os carros do jogo parecem que não possuem suspensão. se voce cair de uma altura minima com o carro ele vai parecer que está quebrando-combate meele do jogo bugado demais ! em algumas vezes a animaçao de bater fica bugada, e seu personagem a executa 2 vezes mas dando o dano de apenas uma.-inteligência artificial (principalmente dos sobreviventes) horrivel. aguns deles te prendem em portas, dificultando sua passagem, sem contar que alguns parecem que não sabem pra que que serve a porta e quebram a janela pra sair.-para um jogo atual os gráficos sao bem ruinzinhos-os zumbis e hordas spawnam do nada. voce acaba de limpar uma área e do nada voce atrai uma horda ela entra na casa pra te matar, ou voce pode estar andando de carro e do nada aparece uma horda bem na frente do seu carro justamente pra danificá-lo (isso é ridículo)-rifles automáticos não compensam, pois gastam muita munição pra matar poucos zumbis. já os rifles de precisão são bem mais eficazes pois perfuram os zumbis matando tambem os que tiver atrás e consomem bem menos munição assim como as pistolas e révolveres.-se o seu jogo crashar pode bugar, e o seu personagem irá aparecer na casa só que com os itens que voce pegou sem ter salvo o jogo. (isso é muito escroto por que mesmo sendo bom em alguns aspectos, voce pode perder carro e missões por conta disso)-apesar disso tudo as missões são bem legais: nunca vai faltar missões secundárias (isso deixa o jogo mais dinâmico); o sistema de fortificação da casa e o de confiança que os outros sobreviventes tem é bem legal.minha nota seria 4/10 pra um jogo que poderia ser divertido, mas é muito estressante por conta de bugs.espero que tenha ajudado abraço ;p
rofl, minecraft was cancer enough, but this is.... ♥♥♥♥ing great sik trading cards
igot banned for kicking team mate when they need to go well thats bull ♥♥♥♥
great if you love those games that make you rage quit, awful for everyone else.
this was my favourite game.then suddenly, microtransactions. microtransactions!!!!the devs even said they wouldn't add microtransactions.
the game got really bad after the past couple of updates 10/10 would not recommend
the mouse its not working
game is hard
if you have the money to buy the game, thats good but be aware that the amount of dlc that is required to enjoy the game is way to many. the dlc alone will end-up costing more than the game itself. i think it was a good game but now it just costs too much to keep up with the dlc.if you have the money, it is a very worth-while game. however if you don't have a lot of money to put towards the game, i recomend you keep looking
i wouldnt recomend this game to anyone because it doesnt wrok at all
i keep falling through the ground, really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me off
for a game that requires 35 gigs of harddrive space and full of social club errors. the uninstall button feel like it's really worth it. could and should uninstall again.
this game is full of derankers, hackers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, trolls and griefers so theres literally no point in playing if you cant get out of silver becasue of these ♥♥♥♥ers
the game is just plain boring and slow but then to easy to deafet monsters crafting is alright but not very rewardinggraphics and animations are absolute ♥♥♥♥  for competative gamers don`t even download it for casuals its okay in generaloveral 2/10 game \do not recomend it
it`s a terible 3rd person shooter where you rent or can only use for a certain amount of time and the maps are tiny
the menu and layout is straight out of a first generation dvd menu. the one word for this game is ugly.
no.
6 people online :( wtf ♥♥♥♥ this game
its good but no controller
was a great concept, pre dayz.but pay to win, no way.
please do not get this game it looks good in concept but after 9 minuits i already lost interest theres not much of story at the start that gripped me sooooo it already lost me
this game is very bad. when u first start up you use a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun and join a lobby with lvl 45 with better weapon that can wreck you really fast. the weapon are really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i join a lobby with someone with a mech .
ตั้งให้มี microtransaction อยู่ในเกมเชยๆ dev บอกไว้แล้วว่าจะ no no no we don't place microtansaction เข้ามาในเกม แต่ว่าแม่งโกหกทั้งเพ จอมตอแหล โกหกลูกค้าที่ติดตาม pd2 เป็นเวลานานๆ เชื่อกูเถอะ อย่าซื้อเกมเหี้ยนี้เลย มันเหี้ยมาก ♥♥♥♥ u
while i am a big fan of the ac franchise, and already have a strong sense of bias when it comes to ac games, i feel that ac3 was more of a let down than anything else. while there were some new things that were awsome such as the combat system, the free running dynamics and the open world frontier gameplay, there were still some major things that plagues this game. the first being the very long tutorial/training section of the game. without any spoilers, you almost have to go through connor's entire childhood before you are really set free upon the world. also on the pc version, there were some graphical and audio glitches. while we are discussing the pc version, one of the biggest issues i had was how badly optimized this game was for pc. don't get me wrong, i have a gtx 770 and a 4770k, which are by no means entry level or mid range. however, i still had major, and i mean major frame rate drops. i would coasting along at 60fps and then suddenly as i turn the conner to look at 4 people, bam!!! 40fps.in conclusion, i would skip this game i were you. ac4 fixes all the problems i had with this game and it much more enjoyable to play. if you interested in the story, just watch it on youtube.
game has it's problems. and i mean a lot of problems. game is unstable, online is sketchy at best, the archetype system is garbage and archetype quests are insulting. this would be fine if we lived in a world pre-hearthstone beta, as is, the whole thing is a barebones cash grab, made by a developer that is mediocre at best.
-20/1000should not play again. zombies are allowed to run up while my guy has a ♥♥♥♥ing picnic.who needs walls when you become dead right, just walk right on through and hit what ever ♥♥♥ you want. i wish these were new bugs but dean hall won't stop climbing ♥♥♥♥ing mt everest. melee weapons do nothing either "whats that, you want to kill that zombie with a sledge hammer, you better hit it 20,000 times in the head if you want to give it a slight ticklemaybe in another 3 years ill play this and it might be in beta.
damn i lost my money buying for this lonely game
because it's got, i'm treating this entire review as a spoiler.i got the entirety of the series in the humble telltale bundle, i'm writing this as i've just finished the game.the game is basically a drama packed, limited, choose your own adventure. after playing on another computer all the way through to episode 5, i had to travel. i downloaded it to my laptop and realised i hadn't signed up for the whole 'telltale account' thing and my save wasn't available.instead of playing episode 5 with automatically generated decisions (not that they matter a whole lot anyway) i seized the opportunity and played episodes 1-4 with complete opposite decisions as i'd made before. surprise surprise, not ♥♥♥♥ing much changed at all. it seems, after researching the other endings, you can't really alter the storyline significantly in any way. i mean, if you're looking for a slightly interactive, drawn out version of the stark storyline of got that you'll only want to play once, by all means give this game a try. i paid $12 for a heap of their games and definitely got my playtime out of it, but as a got storyline goes it's pretty much a regurgitation of what's already happened in the tv show / books, with the same voices but different faces.all in all, i regret spending so much time playing this game that i could have spent playing others.. it's like a bad movie you watch because you need to see if it gets better and ultimately, as predicted, you're completely disappointed.4/10.
day of defeat 3, can't wait for the optimized release.i have marked "not recommended" due to the problems that i have experienced. these may or may not happen to you.very poorly optimized, struggling to push a solid framerate fps in a source engine game. i know this is early access, just putting the word out, i've been experiencing some seriously wack fluctuations from 20-300 fps but usually sitting between 50-130.if you can't play fps's below 144 fps then don't buy this right now, you'll be disappointed.barely playable for me in it's current state, i will update this review if the game is improved.980ti oc'ed/i7-5820k.early access review: 2/10, do not buy yet.edit: i have scoured the internet and found that these performance issues do not affect everyone, many people are having similar problems to mine being with 1080's, 980ti's, 980's and 970's, it seems to definitely be an optimization bug and is definitely client side.further edit: here is a shot in game looking over a relatively small portion of a map.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/266095900571329044/2ea75988868ce7b0153485f2fbdc02486a29e4bc/ and here is my 3dmark firestrike score.http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/13873570
i bought this game after a friend i've played many hours of arma 2 + 3 and dayz started playing it.if you don't like minecraft, you won't like this game. it's just another block sandbox crafter/builder and i can't see what any of the fuss is about.
nothing compared to tfc. this game consists of (a) children, (b) adults who are most likely in to children or (c) people trying it out because they were either told it was fun, or because they liked tfc.it's nothing but a waste of your time.. don't bother.
test it if not refund iti got this game after playing the amazing trainz original but have not played all the games inbetween thinking this would be the best one of them all, i was rong very rong yes it has amazing grapics yes it looks good on the frount page of steam but if you buy the deluxe then your basicly throwing your money away the dlc grapics are horrible with it only having 1 main color no weathering or color change from frount to back it was very disapointing oh and the fact it wasent even round like the train that is on the frount page they really just gave up and called it a day put the dlc as $34.99 usd each or buy the #74.99 usd deluxe edition and get it all what a scam i hate to give it this but it is not worthy of better 4/10
no in-space sex scenes ♥♥♥♥ this game
it's pretty frustrating that there's no option to display the music as sheet music or tabs. it feels like more effort is being put into learning how to read music a la guitar hero than being put into learning the songs themselves, and for what? sure, if you're a complete beginner and like how easy it is to get into then maybe, but otherwise just buy a book and learn.
horrendous performance even with the lowest graphical settings makes aiming a continual frustration.
short game, not a fan of the aesthetic of demonic blugh. the feeling of being pushed around never set well with me in a game, especially in ones that i can't properly vent that frustration on the oppressor.fun story, this was gifted to me, and at some point, i got frustrated with the aesthetic and uninstalled. friend got sad, so i reinstalled and completed it. to finish the story is spoiler, but it made me cringe after the aforementioned series of events. i'm sure there's a video up somewhere if you really want spoilers, i just know that every time i see spoiler blackouts, i can't ignore it and have to look at it.as far as bugs go, i can't say i ran into any. if anyone wants to spend $5 for 1-2 hours of "fun," i'm not stopping anyone.
this game is so f***ing boring
skyrim + borderlands had a deformed baby.i was expecting something really good, as the new hype for fall out 4 is around the internet, i thought well why not give this a try.-i don't like walking 1000 miles to point a and point b. -the walk is so boring, you might come across a few enemies if you're lucky, -the battle system is just silly, using vat with more than 2 enemies is a death sentence.-the ads is inaccurate. -the interface isn't that great, epecially the markers for quests, one quest ill have 3 markers to walk miles to north, then south, then east. wtf.if you like a game that-has good npc's-decent attention to detail-has most your gametime walkingthen go for it.will not buy fallout 4.
the pay2win level of this game is just........ it can be played casually and without investing any money in it but then you would be at a huge disadvantage due to the fact that you have weapons that barely match theirs.i honestly tried to get to the max level....... but every time they updated the level cap would just increase, and the fact that you  rank up too slowly without the exp multiplier that the premium players get just forced me to play this game for hours on end.i eventually stopped at rank 100+ the max rank is probably 235+ by now.the game's matchmaking system is purely unbalanced. if you're a bronze threat player....you basically get treated like dirt and get matched up against goldies, and also.... the backup that you get usually doesn't match the power that the opposition has, unless of course you roll with a clan that's filled with 150+ ranked silvers and goldies.but then again, there are some actually decent people that actually have skill in playing this, it's just a bit sad that the community is just......... but still, i would recommend it with friends, and also don't take this game too seriously
ezio isn't hot anymore.1/10.
pros:free flowing movementcons:no spawn protection whatsoever.no team balancing whatsoever.not recommending it because of the cons.
could be fun if you had friends
dumb and gay
broken game
played for 11 minutes. talked to random people. skipped all dialogue. didnt know the story. relised that this is pretty much a talking simulator rip off of pokemon and final fantasy. fought a rat. instant death from one critical hit. quit game. uninstalled. 10/10 would talk again.
soory you are unable to read this review due to not owning the 'review dlc'
it is probaly the worst game ive ever played
it's a slow burn to the tf2 items.
terrible
it seems that what they call a 'next-gen' f1 game is releasing an empty game with stripped out features and a glitchy mess.pros:the graphics are a decent step up and runs mostly smooth on my pc.the handling model and traction feel a lot better than 2014.the new menus are a nice step up from the plain old ones.the sound is improved compared to 2014.inclusion of the 2014 season.cons:it is quite clear that some graphics though were given more polish than others. the cars look nice and the night tracks have great lighting but the character models still look last-gen.not a major con but the commentary can sound pretty forced at times.the ai is a lot more challenging which is good but at times they don't seem to acknowledge your exsistence and are happy to cut you off, clip your tyre and block you on your qualifying lap.i can live with not being able to put my name in on career mode but it seems that all depth has been taken out and just feels like a glorified quick race mode.as someone who does simracing, the force-feedback was pretty lackluster on my g27 wheel.various graphical and hud glitches. (anyone want to race against floating sets of tyres?)i didn't even bother with online but from what i've heard it's pretty broken.i was hoping for big things jumping into next-gen but this feels like an empty and lackluster experience. probably rushed out to make a quick buck and as the only official f1 game, this is unacceptable. it's not horrible but is slightly above average at best. i wanted to like this game but i couldn't get much out of it. you're better off with f1 2013 which i still consider the best out of codemaster's f1 lineup.
it may be free but it is entirely unfulfilling and no fun at all
cука блуат knoob team ♥♥♥♥♥ idi nahui
only things that will kill you are one hit kill snipers and tanks in every game
sub-family guy level "irreverent humour" written by teenagers. one quest has you drugged and probably sexually roughed up a bit while drugged and then you nude escape from a brothel while drugged, on a cart pulled by mostly nude gimps, and the entire sequence feels like it was written by a 16 year old boy who masturbates to eric cartman. the real charms of saints row 2 and the ridiculous, balls-out actually fun nature of saints row 4 just aren't present here. this is the worst of both worlds.
great for uninstalling!pros:-there are none.cons:-it's a web browser game port.-pay2win-laggy-buggy/glitchy-cod/battlefield rip off -horrible gui -no audio settings...?-complicated guiin conclusion don't even think of downloading this game unless you want to uninstall straight away. "the only thing that wasn't complicated to use was the uninstall button" - derpi0us
just realized the eula is ♥♥♥♥ed up as hell. it's basically data theft. i regret getting this game. if you want your data stolen then buy this game! uninstalling... at least i only got this game for a dollar.
if you are a new to this game,  do not buy it!  as a long time fan, me and many others have wasted countless amounts of money on this. i made the mistake of trusting overkill (the devs), and even defending them and their overpriced dlc. i've been blind to it but overjew are drawing close to the greediness of ea, now, they ♥♥♥♥ed up. every year in october we have "crimefest" a time where a get a bunch a free stuff throught the month. the first update kicked off with a ♥♥♥♥ poor weapon rebalance, and the inclusion of microtransactions. you now get to open "safes" (cases) with "drills" (keys) for skins that not only are horrible, but alter gun stats as well (making it "pay2win") when overkill promised at release that microtransactions will never exist in their game. overkill also totally broke the use of mdos, gg overkill. a highly ambitious modder was fixing overkills mistakes, has now had to be cancelled because of this ♥♥♥♥ed up update. this game started as a serious fun crime shooter co op game, but has turned into a ridiculous unbalanced boring shooter co op game. do not buy until overkill fix this. payday 2? more like pay2win or pay2day. fit it overkill, fix it!
whey hey, i got a new complaint, f(u)cking overkill dlc's. you dumb mufakas keep buying into their ♥♥♥♥, lol keep wasting your money sheepies :) i made that mistake long ago and ill never go back. i understand if you have pd:th wolf pack thats cool, you didnt decide to have this one but if you bought it congratulations, you played yourself. go f(u)ck yourself overkill, keep bleeding out your last remaining veteran fans who have stuck with you and defended you, just so you can convince easily impressionable 12 year olds with steam accounts, that all the overpriced dlc you put into it is worth it.
i just dont know how to start off, this game just sucks!
games story line is quite boring and gameplay is also quite slow. on top of that the game doesn't work on anything other than my actual laptop.
counter strike daycare operations is what this game should be called full of stupid children that think they are the best things on the planet because there parents a do not love them or b dont care for them and just dump them infront of this rubbish
this game is ♥♥♥♥ worst in men of war series by far unless youl ike missions where you can controll 4 men  you cant even controll helicopters init only multiplayer is co op id give this ♥♥♥♥ a miss and save your money
in it's current state, this port is borderline unplayable unless you dont mind the audio cutting out all the time, the frame rate dropping constantly and playing with a gamepad. wait till it gets patched/ someone fixes it, or buy it for the wii. it is really worthy of your attention, just not on the pc right now.. :(
when i first saw the gameplay video and screenshots of the game, i thought it would be a realistic and exciting racing game with tons of features. oh boy, i was wrong. when i clicked the play button, i've suffered enough already and quickly uninstalled it. raceroom racing experience is a crap game with a load of bullcrap in it and shouldn't be bought by all people for eternity.yes, the game's graphics and details are pretty good until your "racing experience" being annoyed by the terrible car handling and playstation 1 car sounds. believe me, handling in here is screwed up and probably the most annoying thing you will encounter in the game. cars will spin out like crazy with no control at all. this is no racing simulator, it's just a game with glitchy cars spinning around and hit each other.so my final verdict is that, while the game has realistic graphics, the terrible handling just hindered you for maintaining the real racing experience. the game does have a lot of potential, but simbin, the developers, executed this in a wrong way and that chance is gone forever, and it wouldn't able to compete with current racing games like gran turismo, forza motorsport, and grid.although patches has been released, still, they're too late to fix raceroom's glitchy and broken gameplay.and although i played raceroom for a short time, 15 minutes is enough for you to suffer from it's crappy gameplay.sorry, simbin, but i have to give this game a 3/10 :(
из доты сделали ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о
я могу сказать про эту игру только одно то что она считается в россии игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ов но дорогие ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ы играйте хотя бы раз в неделю как я это делаю!!!
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я:-графика лагает, настройка графики самая тупая- игра дорого стоит (я ее скачал бесплатно)-когда я ее скачал бесплатно и вдруг мне ее надо покупать (это стало через 2 дня когда я ее скачал бесплатно)-игра на английском
** updated**after playing through the tutorial, i get to the main screen and in the lower left an image of the characters and text telling me to buy the game?? seriously? notification in the game i bought to buy the game? them i get told i need to play a solo game inorder to be able to play in a multiplayer match.....ummm, ok, not like i had any other options as the other 2 game modes were grayed out....so i start a solo game, and a few minutes later nothing, just waiting in a que to have the game start....for a solo game....not a good start, not a good start at all.i will try the game again after a reinstall to see if the "buy the game" in a game i bought goes away and will report back later. but on this first impression? i can not recomend this game, it looks fun, but it's a no from me at this point.after trying the game again after a while there is more i need to tell, but first husk, thanks for the comment and seeing if you can help with my experiance with this game.ok, so after coming back to this game after a while i tried it again and went throuth the tutorial again and got all the markers and then went and made sure i was signed up with the devs site and linked my game to them through the account section of the game. i did everything i could find out there to make this game go, then after this i went and started to look for a classic game....15 minutes later, nothing, so i started again, another 15 minutes and still no games. i changed my region to the us, and again the same thing! i tried the uk region....nothing! i ended up looking on steam spy, and even though ther are around 87,000 steam users who own the game, only about 100 - 200 people playing this game at any time. i tried for over 1 hour and using every server to try and find a match and nothing, i could not get one match in just over 1 hour! then i found there is a server browser, after looking in the make a game section of the match making...could have made it a bit easier to find there guys. then i tried all the regions again and looked for games to join, and i found 1 game in europe with 1 player. do not buy this game unless you have people to play with and are willing to play lots
i want to start by saying that i do have fun with this game, and some times it's the same way that some people have fun by putting needles into their private parts.there is so much that is good about this game and in the same breath i have to also say that there is so much that is broken and needs to be fixed.1. there is no control rebinding! that is right a full launch of a game that does not let you edit the controls. really?2. the infinate vault hopping thing. there are so many vids on youtube and times that i have spent waisting time with a survivor that will just hop through window after window after window. 3. perk ballance in relation to the lvl of others in the loby. how many times i have come across a high lvl meg with adrenaline, seriously that perk is so op it is not funny, full heal and run speed +150%, at it's best it will full heal from dying state... are you serious? and after she gets to lvl 30, she can teach it to other survivors.on the flip side lets look at a few killer perks, insidious for example, after standing still for a few seconds you have no terror effect, or no heart beat to hear, untill you move or act again.dearstalker, the ability to see aura of dying survivours from a distance awayand iron grasp which makes it tougher for a survivor to escape from you holding them.these are, in my opinion the best 3 perks that the killers have.if you are going to buy this game, be sure you have 4 friends to play with as this is currently the best way to get enjoyment out of this game. ther is serious potential in this game, and i want to see it brought into being, and that is why i bought it... evolve did something similar before, but this game has the ability to offer so much more.i just hope that the devs hear what the community is saying, and make this something special.
is ♥♥♥♥ dont buy it
♥♥♥♥ off
no skies man.
rockstar can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves. 14hours of troubleshooting. 2 years of waiting.
why is there adien pierce from watch dogs
you don't get beam until level not one and it crashes all the time!!!!
now lemme tell ya, this game. it's ♥♥♥♥. nah but legit whereisthehoodat its a pretty bad game.
positivesgreat game! really fun and there is a lot to do in the game that makes you want to continue to play. there are unlockables like perks, offerings, clothes, items, addons etc. you can level up your characters as well as your rank for both survivor and killer.you can also play private matches with your friends and you won't lose anything if you do die as a survivor.the ranking system in my opinion is good enough for now; you collect these crystals (at least they look like crystals) called pips, according to the official dead by daylight manual, and when you collect a certain amount in a row,  you get promoted. the lowest rank in the game is 20 and the highest rank is 1. to get from rank 20-19 you must collect 3 pips. from rank 12 and onwards, you must collect 5 pips each rank down, meaning rank 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 and 1 require 5 pips each before you get to rank 1 for both survivor and killer.so the game seems cool, right? well, most games aren't that perfect...tldr: great game, fun, lost of unlockables, makes you want to continue playing, private matches, ranking system, collect pips to rank up, rank 20 lowest rank, rank 1 highest rank.negativesthe only way to rank up in the game is to play public matches, and this makes it difficult because people try and find their friends so they search and quit lobbies until they find them because you currently cannot invite your friends to public matches, only private matches, and some players just boost each other. for example one person plays as the killer, hosting the lobby and the other playing as a survivor, and they troll you. there are many disadvantages in the game too, such as:- the host of every game is the killer. this is bad because almost every killer in the game has a ♥♥♥♥ isp.- everybody is searching for their friends, and sometimes it can take a while to find a game. the longest it took me to once find a game was 1 hour for this reason...- you will lag in almost every game.- you will rage.- you will die in stupid ways.- you will get stuck in objects.- there are hackers in this game too!now it's time to elaborate on these points. the killer being the host of every game really annoys me, just because it gives them a huge advantage. think of it like this; the host controls everything, and you and your friends are normal people doing normal stuff. but the host has ♥♥♥♥ internet, and because he controls everything, it affects you and your friends way more than it does for him. as a matter of fact, it doesn't affect him at all. lag will ruin you, and make you rage. i've lost many games just because of lag. but how does the lag affect you in game? well, when you attempt to vault over something, like a wall or object, and you're lagging, you are going to die, especially if the killer's chasing you, because what happens is that rather than vaulting, your character freezes. lag also makes you teleport literally everywhere and will get you killed. this is why you will rage and die in the most stupidest ways.you will also get stuck in objects. one time i spawned into a game (the developers call these trials) and i was repairing a generator. then the killer was coming towards me and i was thinking, "oh no problem, i will just hide behind this tree." so i go behind 'this tree' and crouch and he walks past me. "yeh i'm all good." i think to myself. then i go to walk away from the tree and then just like that, i was stuck. i literally couldn't move, and the murderer was coming back. he walked past me again and didn't see me. although he didn't see me, i was still very angry, because i wasn't going to be able to survive unless i get him to kill me. so i just quit and also got demoted and lost my item. this is why the killer has such a huge advantage in the game. this also isn't the only object i've gotten stuck into.i have recorded games i've played where my connection with the killer was very bad, and i will perhaps upload them soon to my steam profile/youtube channel (link on profile!). so be sure to check those out if you would like to see more on what i'm talking about.last but not least, hackers, yes, there are hackers already... and the game was only recently released, even with an anti-cheat! this just really confuses me as to why their anti-cheat software hasn't even banned these players yet. i saw a player who had prestiged his claudette morel to level 1000, which at this stage, is an impossible stage to even be on. most players, almost all, haven't even prestiged, including myself. tldr: game has more negatives than positives. conclusionso to conclude my review, this game needs more development. the game is great and fun, but when you take the negatives into account, dead by daylight isn't really the best game to buy at this time. i believe the developers didn't give enough time on their project and should have continued developing the game and released it at a later date. but the developers are still working on patches and have apparently said they wil be allowing people to invite their friends to public games instead of just private games. so to say they should be adding more patches as well. but in the meantime, i recommend you should save your money for the time being and wait till more patches come through.thank you for reading my review!
very annoying. made a very cool base in a cave. locked the front door with a lock and key. ventured out to find loot. i fell and died. fair enough. so i respawn back at my base, cause i thought i could create another key for my door, but i obviously couldn't so i couldn't get out. so i suicided by typing kill in the console. spawned close outside of my base and ran to where i died and my loot was gone, including my key. so i couldn't get in or out of my base and everything i did was a waste of time. i'll have to bust my front door open which can take me a while and because i can't leave my base i can't go to get resources if one of my items break. *sigh*
just no
if you want to lose all of your money and sanity, buy this game.
had to buy the 'review dlc' to write this.it was a good game.still is.only...you need to pay.for everything.gage dlc = fiddy buckschina sword dlc = nin bukswank dlc = fiddy buckschirstmas songs you can hear in the background on a radio in one heist = fiddy bucks2 much ♥♥♥♥ing dlc 4 my ♥♥♥♥.kill me.alrght, for real though, there are way too many ♥♥♥♥ing dlcs. it's actually overwhelming and some of them don't even fit the payday 2 theme. there's way more than $100 worth of dlc in this ♥♥♥♥ and it adds up to a butt load of updates and patches and whatnot. do you know what updates and patches do? they add to the game. do you know what adding to the game does? it increases file size. look at it: this game is larger than tf2, gta 4 and garry's mod. that's actually stupid as ♥♥♥♥.these guys started out as a four man team (5 if you technically include old hox when he was in prison) who were bank robbers. now they're a 14 man team of ♥♥♥♥ing terrorists. seriously, they're legitamit terrorists now. out of every heister they've added, only like 2 or 3 actually have a decent backstory or real reason for being on the team: clover, jiro and hoxton. literally no one else really deserves to be on the team. john wick? bodhi from point break? jacket from hotline miami? non of those make any real sense. they tried to explain it in the john wick trailer for him  but after that is was basically a '♥♥♥♥ it' from overkill and they just didn't try for promotional characters. jacket looks like he's in his 20's in game but if this game takes place in the same universe as hotline miami he'd be in his late 40's. none of it makes any sense.the base game is amazing and if they stopped releasing payed dlc's at about the second gage weapon pack (they should just release all gage whatever packs as one dlc at lease) and just had the rest be free from then on, no one would've ♥♥♥♥♥ed and i would probably be able to recommend this game. what really bugs me is how they make a dlc for every individual thing they add. for example the diamond heist was added at about the same time clover was added. the diamond heist was a one part map that was kind of suppose to be shadow raid 2 but was in the end short and easy as ♥♥♥♥. it costs $7. clover was linked to the diamond heist mostly story wise if you paid attention and her individual pack cost like $5-7 at the time. why the ♥♥♥♥ would you not release the two together in the same dlc? buying both individually as two separate dlc's costs just over or around %50 of the actual game's cost. this goes for, as previously mentioned, the gage weapon packs (or just all the weapon packs in general), the dentists heists (alesso, golden grin and big bank should be together. the diamond can get a pass here if they combined it with the clover pack but they could just have all the dentist jobs together as a whole and include clover in them and whoever else was added in the dentist's jobs (sokol)) and have all the collaboration heists and characters just be free updates if you want (but seriously, i have to pay $7 for a goat simulator heist). and i'm guessing if you've made it this far you want me to touch on the microtransactions? well they're microtransactions in a $20 game that has more than $100 worth of dlc. sure counter-strike: global offensive is a $15 game with microtransactions but at least they have free updates, not dlc's and the microtransactions in the game when you really think about it kind of bring the community together and everyone, while they kind of still dislike them don't feel like they have to buy them for some stat boost.the game at it's core is great, though. it has amazing music, sounds and overall premise but i just can't recommend the game even with a %50 sale on it. wait till it has %75 sale on itself and all the dlc before buying it, trust me.
if you live in australia, trust me when i tell you to not buy the game. there are absolutely no servers and no offline play making the game completely unplayable without 800+ ping.
okay so this game has got a good tutorial system and for a alpha its all right. but this game 90% of the time is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. unless you play this game 24/7 with the patience of a monk you will hate it. like i do. would no reccomend to any casual gamers. maybe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. cause thats what this game plays to
brings back so many good memories, but i could do without the bugs and crashes it was plagued with back in the 90's. thanks disney, for putting out a cheap re-pack of a star wars classic.
my friend made me get this game.we are no longer friends.
"if call of duty and minecraft had a baby-"abort.
this is  pathetic excuse for a launch of a game. i recommend only buying it when the ♥♥♥♥ing servers actully work. well another billionare game company managed to ♥♥♥♥ up another launch
you can play that game without gk
n0
нет онлайна
get h1z1
malisimo siempre se  queda pegado cuando carga la cuenta y se cierra el juego, me pide que me aga una cuenta pero ya e echo como 3 no lo recomiendo es mucha la molestia que te pide solo para iniciarlo
overkill are perfect examples of how not to treat a community.
its ♥♥♥♥ m8

rust is a survival game in which you must gather resources and craft items in order to survive. but sadly there is an element of human interaction which can be both friendly or hostile. you will soon find that everyone is hostile. i do not know why but other players rarely if ever show reciprocity. it is quite demeaning to spend 2 hours building a base and crafting for it to just get destroyed by rage-kids with rocket launchers. this game has a nice concept, despite its good intentions, other players are a large error factor which ruins a good game.  i am displeased at best by this game, it runs terribly on a gtx980 with a lot of frame dips. after doing some research i found that it is poorly optimised for most newer systems. so if you have a 980, 970, 780, 770 you will not be able to run this game as smoothly as you should.   i am very disappointed by this game, it is a good game but the players are the most unlikeable ♥♥♥ holes you will ever encounter. most players kill other players just because they are unable to defend themselves. i can only imagine those trigger happy players and anti-social sociopath with little empathy and respect for others work and effort. i do not blame the developer for the players, but i blame him (the developer) for the poor optimization.   to summarise; this game runs poorly on $1895 pc's the players are malevolent vindictive bullies with no respect for others its overpriced and over rated. it makes my blood boil with rage.  do not buy unless you wish to get annoyed by arrogant socio paths. update the performance issues have been resolved, but the comunty is still ♥♥♥♥♥ed!
update: some features were fixed, however i would still wait for full release.way too expensive, for how glitchy it is...i would recomment buying it when its out of alpha.the co-op mode does not allow you to save, so once you leave all of your hard work is gone.ladders and ropes that you climb are  also involved in a lot of delicate ♥♥♥♥ery if you want to use them without killing yourself. the game needs more polish, and i would not buy it untill either the beta or its full release.update: some features were fixed, however i would still wait for full release.i tried to play coop on 20/03/2016, as of that date your are still unable to load save files, as such if you want to play with a friend you need to start from scratch every time.
good luck trying to get you old account to work even if you bought the game, the steam cd key is usless welldone ubisoft
sdbgdreahae5rh
it gay
well done valve looks like you're gonna kill cs go as well as tf2, nice one.
to be fair i didnt get my $60 usd moneys worth.its not a fun game.its not being updated fast enough.i dont like it.it is insainly boring mine fly, mine fly to create another instance where you can mine and fly wtf is the point in this game. no mans sky:exploring the worlds most boring sandbox has never been so anoying!
gud gum
they could of made a un-offical version of portal 3? anyone with me?
get good.get cs:go.
♥♥♥♥ing horrible
cvf
counter-strike 1. manure
i'm gonna start this review by saying this. if you are a big dead or alive fan like i am and you dont own a console, buy this game. otherwise, there's no real other reason to buy it. it offers little that the console version didn't, and doesn't even have online play. the game runs well, but as it's a ps3 port (yes ps3, not ps4) i would expect nothing less. it's more doa, if you need that in your life then get the game, otherwise, buy it on console or don't buy it at all.
not recommonend for now. this game is not bad, in the first few hours, it is amazing to see a small group can make a small game with some much fun staff in it. the reason i dont use word 'content' is simplely because it really doesnt provide many things to do in the game. as i said before, this game will amaze u in the first few hours, after that it starts getting shallow, empty, repetitive and boring. abanden base looks almost the same, except in different colors. environment look almost the same as you further explore in to the stars. npcs and animals in the game gives me the feeling they came from spore, so far i only found 4 different high-intelligence species, there might be more, yet they only serve as a gift machine or shop, which i really wish there could be some short quest from different species. this game is marketed as exploration of the infinite universe, but i think they kinda failed it, there are infinite stars but they share a little bit too much similarity. there are maybe infinite species, but their existence has no meaningful thing to the game except fill up the emptyness. i havent reach the planet with large city on it or with large alien species population, make me feels like there are surely infinite stars out there, but they are lifeless. hopefully my furture explore will discover some more civilized planet, but for now i will not recommend this game, i will keep this updated.
deus ex: mankind divided [chapter 1] microtransection edition
gayday2 global offensive! as if we haven't had enough.
pay2win
bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
if you play with idiots with high pings, they're going to grapple you from 200000m away. ridiculous game, advantage to people with horrible internet
no asian severs.
cancerous game, wanted to join competitive game but as soon as i got it i started losing connection and the game kept being unresponsive. so instead, the game decided to just give me a 30min ban. nice!
maybe it will work this time?aaaand uplay launcher has stopped working.great, back to dota then.
its a stupid ♥♥♥♥ingshit of a game
okay so how do i start. this really isnt a game, you walk around and listen to a narrator with a nice voice. the game really isnt much fun, its the sort of thing that i may have enjoyed when i was 12 on a flash game site and i wanted to spend an hour or 2.i really would not reccomend buying this at its price. on sale sure i guess if you want to check it out you can, but at full price it definitely isnt worth it. (i bought it on sale)
the plot is good, the gameplay is good, the graphics are bad.extreme caution though before you buy - the game can be extremely glitchy and crashy depending on environment, but many people have problems with it. if you'll be able to fix it from crashing, you won't be able to fix the giltches. the glitches that prevent you from simply enjoying the game, and also including the glitches that stop you from proceeding with the game.also, it auto-saves to only 1 save. so you cannot go back or make your own saves - unless you manually quit out of the game and make backups of the freaking thing.so the game's context is good, but bloody annoying technically.
this game has a lot of potential, but i found so many bugs in this game, and with wb not releasing a patch anytime soon, i don't see myself being able to play the game, because i encountered a problem where i couldn't keep goin with the game. there is also no-where that i can report this because wb's forums are not monitored as they are not making a patch,this game is not recommended, at least until they make a patch
have to be a hardcore animu kawai desu to enjoy this boring... i guess shooter ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ if you squint really hard and turn your head it looks a bit like a strategy game.
gente não comprem ese jogo e so pra entrar ate o ngs anticheat voce pode baixar gta 5 varias vezes voce entra no jogo e fica falando conexão de internet resumindo tudo o jogo e uma ♥♥♥♥♥
o que posso dizer de um jogo que foi estragando por dlcs ridiculas?totalmente sabemos que payday 2 antes dessas bobagens de skins e hackers e dlcs era meio chatinho mais,o jogo não podia ficar tao bobo assim goat simulator nova dlc skins e armas so falta ter hats pra ser igual team fortess 2 eu n reclamo da jogabilidade e ate boa mais,minhas configurações passam da adequada pra ter um otimo grafico alem de algumas travadas, e o jogo crashando sem hoxhud e ♥♥♥♥ ate isso mais o que acho que payday  n tinha tanto sucesso que nem antes  o payday the heist como podem verem se voce for agora la na comunidade dele ou no facebock voce vai ver que o jogo não tinha bastante sucesso por outro lado..., o jogo e legal ate,as soudtracks do jogos sao muito boas e o modo de jogabilidade rush tambem stealth e chatinho mais alguns são ate legais eu me lembro que quando eu tinha um pc bosta sempre quis payday,eu n era muito popular mais quando eu vi payday the heist e payday 2 eu resolvi gastar meu dinheiro nas sale jogei o heist amei, so que queria o payday 2 quando em agosto vi payday 2 50% cheguei da escola vi aquilo na hora imprimi o boleto antes que a loterica fechava,paguei o jogo logo meu amigo que n prefiro falar o nome mais e uma boa pessoa me deu todas as keys dele pra compras todas as dlcs,so tinha ate o sniper pack mais amei por outro lado o jogo travava bastante ai chegou outubro falei pro meu pai que alem do grafico pareçe de masinha e todo lagadow meu pai comprou uma gtx 550 logo em seguida formatamos o pc salvei payday 2 acordei de manha fui direto pro pc jogar payday 2 e vi aquilo sem nenhum lag mais que felicidade que eu estava nunca jogei um jogo assim, sem lag ou com grafico bom. bem tem mais historia por ai mais vou parar por aqui entao gente payday 2,n e que eu acho que ele e ruim,so que ele mudou muito
you have to log in 2 times1. steam login2. game login...
joined 3 seperate games, on 3 different servers, full of hackers and there are no oceanic servers, so you are extremely laggy, if the developers could work and servers for more regions and a better cheat detection system, then this game wouldn't be so bad.
gay
this is a game that you play in you spare time and when you have got alot of it. i know its a visual novel and what not but still the extansive dialog that takes hours to get through is just a tad exessive. only play this game if you want an easy detective game and an anoying ending. only posotives for the game are its characters and some of the puzzels.
this game had potential but they really ♥♥♥♥ed it up
dont do it, its a trap
a generall fun game to play with friends.but terribly optimized.
suck my ♥♥♥♥
oah thaise gaem is suuuu gudfruzne suld lik 99999999999999 bazllzionsonasn copieas of teth moavie. omg likathe this game whuu neads a mouase. am i write?????? xd. thiage game is great if you wanna die of autism
this game blows
__________████████_____██████_________█░░░░░░░░██_██░░░░░░█________█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░░░░███░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░███░░░███░█░░░████░█______█░░░██░░░░░░░░███░██░░░░██_____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░████░░█____█░░░░░░░░░█████░░░████░░██░░██░░█___██░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███__█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░█████████_█░░░░░░░░░░█████_████___████_█████___█_█░░░░░░░░░░█______█_███__█_____███_█___██░░░░░░░░░░░░█___████_████____██_██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░████████░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███████████████▒▒█                                          ░░░░░░░░░█▒▒███████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████░░░░░░░░░░████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███████████████▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█"feels bad man."
pay 2 win
5/10a bit fun if you are bored...
seriously... i had to use a commandline.txt file to fix graphics, and sign in to gfwl to save my progress? and sometimes still doesn't work properly... it's a awesome game if you can make it work!
this game is the best uninstall simulator i have ever uninstalled. my friend showed me this game and all i have to say is:gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 this game is so ir8 that my m8 n8 said he called tr8or b8.
almost 200 hours on this game and loved it..... until the "update" which was supposed to be beneficial made this game unplayable. can't run it for more than a minute without it crashing. tried to re-instal, clear caches, everything possible to get in running again. real shame how they ruined this amazing game.
mto ♥♥♥♥♥ te fode steam cu
i highly do not suggest this game it's tedious, slow and the controls are horrible. the online play is slow the game is laggy and the big takiling tutourial head scares the living daylight out of you! i suggest turning the volume off as this game has the worst audio i have ever heard it's the same repeditive loop of the same thing. but i did quite enjoy the idea and the carnage but it wasn't enough to save the game i would give the game 4 out of 10!
uhnot too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for pancakes insteadingredients:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg2 large eggs, at room temperature1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needednow to make it1. in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.2. in another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.3. melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.4. whisk the butter into the milk mixture. add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed5. keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.6. procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings
"each character in watch_dogs is completely unique and they react differently in all situations"... this is what was promised, what we got were a city of dead people who walk around. i shot at a woman for about 10 seconds, she just ran around in circles  screaming xd... "in watch_dogs we have designed a new graphics engine that emphisises this is a living, breathing city." what we got was terrible frame-rate and pop-ins... good job ubisoft... good f****** job. 11/10 do not buy!
firstly before i get any hate, i know this game is in early access. but, the game so far is very laggy. loot barely spawns, and when you do find something decent you will probably be shot by another player in one of the taller buildings or you will be killed by the teleporting nethers. i honestly wanted this game to be good, the concept is cool, the monsters are scary but the developers didn't quite pull it off. what you are paying into is:-a pay-to-win style game-a lagfest-scenery that looks like it was made by a five year-oldat the moment i can't recommend this game. it is fun to play with a friend for a couple of hours, but it gets very boring after a while. save up another $5-$10 and buy a game which is more stable and fun like dayz or rust.3/10
hot garbage.
this game is ♥♥♥♥
although this game is fun for the first 30 minutes? it doesnt justify spending any money on, at least not yet. maybe once more content has been added ill change my mind! but currently it doesnt have much to offer. i've barely played it and got bored within 20 minutes.
unlocking planes used to be nice but now have to play in order to get one
игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ поиграть можно ну ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ когда ты сукка горишь из за тиммейтов это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ полный а потом еще бан на 7 дней еще хуже если кто то хочет ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ её покупать у вас нервы должны быть железные просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ какие
its bad
good game. ♥♥♥♥ server. ♥♥♥♥ shit server.
i've had my heart broken several times in my life. once, on christmas day 1989, i eagerly ran downstairs and gasped at the sight of what was clearly a crudely but lovingly wrapped skateboard. a skateboard that i had wanted ever since i had seen marty mcfly cruise through the streets of hill valley as a stowaway behind an unsuspecting suv driver. a skateboard with a custom deck, with artwork that would cause my fellow skaters to shout "rad". a skateboard whose wheels would send me gliding across the streets as i headed for the nearest half-pipe. a skateboard of majestical proportion.i grabbed it, and with shaking hands and a heart beating against my chest, i tore that festive wrapping as hard as i could. through an intricate web of sticky tape, ribbon and ever expanding wrapping paper, i dug through. years later, i wondered that this is what andy in the shawshank rdemption must have felt like as he dragged hinself through the tunnels. my own redemption was in sight. my prize was near. finally, the last shred of packaging fell away to the floor. and there it was... a plastic skateboard from the local store. with stiff plastic wheels. and a picture of a clown on the deck. that's what playing orion: dino horde felt like.
lula nn aprova!!!
é chato, e não abre
this game looks to have some multiplayer potential as in the fun.but when you cant connect to a game to play with good friends and have to attempt to do all this complicated ♥♥♥♥ i say screw this game.looks fun but wont work and playing it alone sounds horrible.fix hosting services please.then i will play review this game again.
talvez eu seja borro ou até mesmo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,mas qual é a grassa de ver uma ♥♥♥♥♥ de abelha voando em slow motion até uma lampada? resumindo: é uma ♥♥♥♥♥
so let me start off by saying i got this in a bundle and thought "why the hell not? it could be fun right?". skip forward about six months, got 1.5 hours of gameplay and my friend asked me if he should get it for some multiplayer action. my response was "why dont we go jump in a pit of fire and burn to death, it would be just as fun". but seriously i didn't enjoy this and here is my list of pros and conspros-large expansive maps with lots of people which could be fun-the graphics can be nice if you don't look at the textures to closelycons-game starts you off with a very poorly done tutorial that can teleport you every place you don't need to be. i had to noclip to escape some of places i was thrown into-the tutorial is also confusing and frustrating if it decides to work-even after the tutorial i still had hope maybe the rest of the gameplay was differenand less glitchy and sometimes confusing, the game was littered with latency issues as well as the forementioned issues that appeared in the tutorial-also to me the gameplay felt like it was just trying to board the success of other modern fps'all in all this game was a disappointing which is saying something cause i went in with 0 expectation. it felt unfinished and like a rip-off of an already overdone concept.
this game has an independant loader and makes it difficult to load, you have to create a seperate account then it won't run. i kept getting a "launchpad was unable to connect." error and hen i went to the site provided by them the help was unable to assist with the problem. i had to wade through the material they had on file and still could not find an answer to the problem. i then tried to log a ticket with sony and the account i had just made was invaild and i was reqquired to make another avvount with sony to log a error and ask for some help. not to self and a warning to all stay away from sony online games. they just screw you over and waste your time.
don't bother with this game it has a eliteist community that doesn't take the time to help out new players. its simply a pay to win game. not worth the time to play and learn
is so ♥♥♥♥ing funny.
i use to love rift. quit wow, started playing rift... had an absolute ball of a time. people would complain saying rift is everything peope hate about wow put into a solitairy game. i however found it very different indeed.from the way souls work to build your talent trees to the way you can customise your character. this game has everything. constantly keeping players on there toe's with the 'rifts' and continuous entertainment with world and zone events. much, much grinding to be done, but that is expected of any mmorpg out there. the graphics can be seen as anything from amazing to purely basic (dependant on what exactly your tlaking about) and the world zones are consistent. raids and dungeons were done with scripting / ez mode / hard / etc. population was a little low but thats why we could teleport through shards. all in all, after reading my next paragraph, if things hadn't changed i would still be a subscriber to this very day.my only issue with this entire game, it became free.... from that day: scripting became lax. pay 2 win became standard (anyone who says otherwise is a moron, you buy your in game real cash and trade that for proper   ♥♥♥♥ / vendor it = same thing).more crap has been released with an obvious half assedness about it.greater population (positive?) - half of which either beg for ♥♥♥♥ like plat or spam for help.larger quantity of quests that are pretty much replica's of quests seen early in the game.there is a multitude of issues i see with this ever since it went free. personally, if it never got screwed over going f2p i would play more again. 3 characters all level capped with decent gear... waste of time. ever since this game went free, i still paid subscription fee's but stopped playing... decided to install and try it out again... subscription cancelled. would rather put up with the "oro por favor" spam on free to play wow servers then play a game that isn't being cared for.
oh boy. this was a tough one.i love colossal order, and i love cities: skylines. i love everything they've done for the community (taking suggestions, interacting, etc.) but i really feel they dropped the ball with this dlc.the amount of content you get in this does not in any way justify the price tag. who at co thought eternal winters was a good idea? why is there no seasonal cycle? why does the heating system feel so cheap and tacked on?not to mention there's a large amount of problems and bugs in the simulation that they still haven't bothered fixing. what do we get in return? more cosmetics!i feel co has adopted a "we'll leave it to the modders" attitude. you guys want seasons? oh i'm sure a modder will do that. you guys want bug fixes? oh i'm sure a modder will do that. you guys want a realistic simulation? a modder will do that! (and they did - check out rush hour.)i've supported co from the start but unfortunately if their dlc model continues like this i'm boycotting further purchases.
i got this for cards, and i regret it. i feel dirty for even having it in my library.judging by his twitter, the developer seems 12 years old and is already off to a great start in life by outright scamming people with this "game". the game is literally made to be unfinishable.absolutely do not get this. even for cards. the developer is a con and does not deserve the 10 cents you'd give him.
not enough chickens
initially a brilliant concept, working from scratch in nothing but a disturbingly g-string towards steel and iron glory. by which you will rule the kingdoms and any peasents who wouldnt dare cross the king! however, the game is in alpha which means that every week a new update comes you lose all progress and are sent back to the prehistoric ages (literally) because a new skin was added. the verdict! great game, needs time (stop rushing good games people).
g*y version of agar.io
i like the concept but i can't really recommend this game - or at least not at full price. it's not a bad game but i didn't find it particularly good either.the story is pretty basic, as least as far as i got. you, generic townsperson, were hanging out doing one day doing townsfolky things when your relative was tragically killled by lord evilguy and his evil followers, the cult of evil. you then gain magic powers and set out to kill lord evilguy and avenge your beloved <insertrelativenamehere>. there are a few other cutscenes along the way but they don't seem to tell us much we don't already know.level design is also fairly straightforward - the entire game seems to be one long corridor with the occasional short sidepath, although it looks decent enough.the combat is clearly the meat of the game, but for me it just wasn't that interesting. a lot of people who like the game will claim that if someone doesn't like the combat, it's because they're "doing it wrong" - they don't know how to combine spells properly and just throw the one fireball spell over and over. in my case i don't think that's true. i've seen the videos, i've read a couple of guides, i'm using the mastery and control spells, i'm using my blink and block, and i still dodn't find it terribly exciting.generally, spells work best if you charge them up a bit, and it usually takes several spells to kill an enemy - at the very least, applying "mastery" (which increases the power of subsequent hits) and/or a control spell before going for damage is normal. combine with the fact that the game doesn't really require precision aim - the standard bolt spell actually homes in on enemies! - and combat felt a little sluggish to me.compounding this is that there is a lot of combat, but all the enemies and environments seem to be basically the same. once you've got your combos down, the only thing that brings any variety to combat is that enemies spawn with random "affixes", similar to the unique monsters in games like diablo or path of exile. this make choosing which enemies to prioritise important - which i assume is what they were aiming for, since there's not a huge emphasis on manual dexterity - but i didn't find it enough to prevent combat become repetitive fairly quickly. some of the spell effects are pretty flashy if you like that sort thing, however.the other major part of the game is the crafting system, which is potentially interesting but more of a chore than it needs to be. prepare to spend a lot of time on inventory management, because you're going to amass large piles of junk which you'll need to sort though using an interface which could be better. again, it's not the worst but it could have been better. if you're really into min-maxing and comparing stats you'll probably love it, though.overall i think this game is competent but underwhelming. it doesn't really have glaring faults, but i just couldn't get into it. if you love flashy special effects or complicated crafting systems and don't mind a bit of repetition you might get more out of it than i did.
this game is like butter than has been in the fridge for an extensive amount of time, and when you consequentially try to spread the butter, it is a piece of ♥♥♥♥.
great presentation ruined by not so great storytelling/writing which forces you onto one particular path, has not so great characters, and (unlike what the game says) barely has any diversity aside from something happening a little differently and emily saying different things, without saying any spoilers. still worth at least taking a short look at because of the presenation + the fact that it's free, though.
don't ever think about buying this piece of ♥♥♥♥ , don't even think about doing it , i am serious
♥♥♥♥ teams i dont even like this
♥♥♥♥ game never let me rank up and i stayed in silver for the rest of my life also when i always reach silver eilte master and i win a match it wont let me go to gold nova its happened alot too me so now i quit csgo
too many bugs, poor texture quality and inconsistant frames..not good enough
it's good.
o r o s p u ç o c u k l a r i-------------------oyunu açamıyorum 3rd party felan diyor ananız sikeyim yapacağınız iş bu kadar olur ibneler
* * * bu oyunu alanlarin a**** koy**** * * *paraniza yazik gi̇di̇n başka şey alin
beyler bu oyunu alan beyni̇mi̇ s...oyun tam bi̇r bok sakin almayin serverlarda 5-6 ki̇şi̇ ya var ya yokoyun i̇çi̇ yürümek bi̇le aptalca tam bi̇r geri̇zekali bu oyunu yapan 30 tl mi̇ boşu boşuna harcadim..
minecraft: story mode doesn’t feel like a telltales game. it feels like a cash-in. it feels like microsoft threw a big beefy contract at telltales and said “just do the usual”.at first glance it may look like the usual fare: an impressive ensemble cast and a heavy lean on comedy but in actuality they've taken some big names, thrown them into a mixing bowl and hoped for the best.some of the actors are dreadful and either don’t understand voice acting or have had terrible direction. the plot - or as much as i absorbed - isn’t very interesting.in a lot of ways it’s similar to existing telltales games but instead of an engrossing story with memorable characters it’s a waste of effort on the developer's part and a waste of time on the player’s.
bu oyunun yapımcıları küfür yemek için yapmış boşu boşuna almayın hiç haketmiyor 39.00 tl 'yi gidin başka oyun alın.
it's good, however hold off from buying it as off now. the enemies in this game aren't really 'fleshed out' in the sense they're just red versions of the other animals. the devs are currently rebuilding the game, and i wouldn't expect to many updates on rust itself right now, most of it is going to the dev edition (or whatever you wanna call it) volvo pls
i cant load into any servers :c
people don't seem to realize that most of the weapons/heist/mask is a dlc only.on top of that if you even open the safe, you need a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ good rng cause ur either gonna get a weapon that you don't have. the "rebalance" update was to make sure their micro would stay alive, why? because all of those skin in the safe have a stats boost which going to be op, you think +1 damage is nothing but they changed the weapon stats too make sure you need to buy the skin (which involves heavy rng to get one) to hit damage breakpoint/concealment/etc. almir said in his ama that the game revolves around vanilla content but most of the stuffs is unlocked by dlc,not to mention that this game have tons(120$+). we veteran players are trying to save you from doing a mistake like we did. blindly purchase all of the stuff just to get ♥♥♥♥ed by overkill. if you dont believe about the weapon rebalance update read it from here https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/3q8xpw/so_the_new_weapon_rebalance_is_balanced_around/-ps sry for my bad englando
10/10 would play again. no tutorial,clueless on how to get out of spawn
ok survival game but horribly unoptomized and cancer of a community
holy crap.prepare for a long rant.7 days to die, what the hell, fun pimps?i bought this game maybe 2/3 years ago because some youtuber played it and i thought it looked fun, and guess what, it was pretty fun!then they released some update that ruined it's compability for me, and i uninstalled it, and forgot about it for a few years.now i looked in my 'bad games' category on my steam library and saw it again, and i remembered that it existed, i looked at the store page and found mostly positive reviews, which confused me.regardless, i decided to give it a shot again, who knows, it might be good again.here's what happened.-------------pre gaming---------------i launched the game, it took around 7 actual real life minutes of real time before the main menu screen loaded up, which is always a good sign, but i pressed on, doubt weighing on my mind.fixed some settings, and was confused for around 3 minutes at the default resolution it gave me. 1024 x 751.751 ??!?!?, what kind of a resolution is that man?character creator, it's amazing how many unnessecary options there are, like foot size sliders, and it's also just as amazing how every character looks the same, no matter how you customize the face.i finally decided to start a game, which scared me as it took around 4 minutes to load the main menu, how long would it take to generate a world?i noticed it finally has randomly generated worlds now, so that's good, i guess.it took around 2 minutes to load the game, and when i was thrown into the game i realised it was slower than a drunk snail and i had to lower even more settings.now you may think, 'it's just your computer bro', and on any other game i'd agree with you, but my crappy computer can run skyrim with 200+ mods, fallout new vegas with 200+ mods, and saints row 2 just fine, so i'd expect a small little survival game in alpha would be able to run smoothly at medium.nope, dead wrong there, and even on the lowest possible settings, it still froze for about a minute every few minutes or so.finally, after i changed the settings and waited around 5 minutes for them to take place, i could finally start the gaming.-------------gaming---------------i was met with a quest to make a stone axe, and after searching around for plant fibers which i could not find for the life of me, i collected everything else i needed, i noticed while running away from a bear i had collected the fibers somehow even though i hadn't actually found any? i dont know.i finally decided to make the axe, and with a relatively fast moving zombie on my tail and around 70 health left, i quickly spammed the keyboard, looking for the magical inventory button, which the game comveniently never told me what it was, i had to look in the controls menu before i found out it was defaulted to 'tab', of course.i finally made my axe, 'now i can kill those rotting, jerkily moving zombies!' i thought to myself, and i started to swing at the zombie who followed me, and after about 10 swings he finally hit the floor.then, a nurse zombie hit me 3 times and i died, and while the screen went black, i could hear nothing but the very loud screeches of zombies as the game tried to load me into a new area.luckily, i had set it so i would keep my toolbar upon death, so i didn't lose my half broken axe when i spawned into a desert, however, the game had decided that i was a complete f***ing idiot for dying (you idiot), and had reduced my max health and stamina to 89 points, which i found absolutely ridiculous, way to punish confused players struggling with lag.so anyway, i set out into the desert, and stumbled upon a lone zombie, who i tried to kill.again, after 12 or so swings he finally fell to the ground, and there was me, bleeding out on 27hp after maybe 2 hits from him.i encountered another zombie by itself and tried to kill it, and died in one hit.spawned in again, and the game must really think i'm incompetent because it graciously provided me with 79hp this time instead. after exploring a bit i found an abandoned town, and tried to set up camp in a house, the door was broken, so i destroyed it and tried to build a new one, but the game obviously thought i was doing it too correctly, and rotated it so it faced towards the doorframe, and not towards the outside or inside.by that point i had had enough, and i quit.-------------final thoughts---------------good job, fun pimps, you really know how to drop the ball.this game costs around $30, and the awful thing is, it used to cost more.i bought it, and the very day after, they had reduced the price permantely, so that's fun, but i enjoyed it, and i had fun.but then they did something and it made the game awful, like genuinely awful.this game is ugly, badly put together, it is almost unplayable on lowest settings for me, and i can play skyrim with over 200 mods and still have that run smoothly, the game is unfair on the default, normal difficulty and the zombies are jerky, not in a 'this is supposed to look like this' way, they're just badly animated and jerky, you die too quickly and the game takes away from your base health if you die.if i can do anything with this review, it will be to dissuade someone from getting this thing.it's honestly less of a game and more of a money laundering scheme, i mean come on, 2+ years and still in alpha?i'm probably not going to be able to get a refund on this but i'm sure as hell going to try, and if i can stop at least one person from getting this game and making the same mistakes as i did, i will be happy.1/10 - it used to be ok.good luck and happy gaming.-zanoscar
pure ♥♥♥♥whenever i aim at an ememy, the gun just aims in the other directionlags like hellalso it is hard to find coinsi know that it has this, this and thatbut the ♥♥♥♥ing gameplay is horribleoverall it is a horrible game
i have a bug when i enter after 1 second it just with some demons and a pointless gui witch stops my from playing the game
its kind of good but add so when  you go into another server you keep your stuff so no
lacks the diversity of mechanics that is essential to the tower defense genre. only three upgrade levels per weapon, and only two weapon slots leaves the player with a feeling of disconnection from excitement. towers can only be placed in specific locations, often lacking strategic value and drawing out excessive effort for almost no payout.
i would have started this review with a recomendation but turns out the automatic banning system they have set up is flawed online. i recieved an automatic ban until the end of the year while i throwing grenades at police helicopters. disputed it, explained my story and asked for a reason for the ban. my post was edited to "this is a complaint about ban", responded with an automatic message explaining that they have an automatic banning system in place and the terms of use then deleted a day later. tired asking again, demanded a reason for the ban. i then got an email that my account is now flagged for breaching terms of use. i wish there was a way to get my damn money back because they can apparently ban you without notice or reason. not happy >:(tl;dronline mode monitored by a flawed automatic ban hammer and will never get reviewd or get a response that isn't a pre-typed message
psa: do not buy this game! buy hawx 1 and leave it there!
the delevoper jagex has since really started tweeking the game in all the wrong places, not what it used to be! still fun but not as good as the day it was released - they're trying to over complicate a simple concept. no lan support and they control all the servers. this advice stands even if the game is on sale.
una mier** total..
malisimo, no se como puede tener votos positivos.
las ultimas actualizaciones cagaron el juego por completo.no tengo ningun mod.no tengo winx64.no se puede jugar ni mie*** no lo recomiendo para nada..solo fue desde la cima hacia abajo..
se puede describir con una palabra de 4 digitos..''v-a-c-i-o.''.el open spades tiene mas personas que este...
i can't even get past the tutorial without it crashing... also, the dance instructor isn't even a good dancer
nooooooooooojust don't.
if you are looking for an actual game, look elsewhere. this game (as it is) is more about clicking to terraform, waiting for belief (the resource required to terraform), and even more waiting for your population/agriculture to grow. there is actually very little to do in this game besides watching a little bar on your screen filling up. there's no endgame in sight, and there's no real goal except to sit there and watch that damn bar go up.tl;dr: don't buy until they actually have a game to play.
4/10good concept, just got bored really quickly and i rather play dayz (mod), it's still in apha too.
game is kill
run like ♥♥♥♥ fking just constant fps drops. a ♥♥♥♥♥ shit game
i'm sure it's a great game, i just can't find out whether it is or not considering there is literally no one playing.
after 7 hours of playing the novelty wore off.story: linearquests: repetitive (gather this, kill this, collect this) graphics: cute and engaging sound: needs improvement on the background music department levelling: pretty fast but after a while it slows down a little bit (got up to 30+ in 7 hours)community: general observation -> snob. no one really wants to party with newbsoverall: i give this a 7.
very laggy on my intel i2 4gb ram windows 8 pc, almost unplayerble, fps drops down to single digits0/666420
overall, ok game if you like this sort of stuff though i would not reccomend it.
jurrasic park simulator 2015 11/10 - ign
it really, really pains me to say this, but i just can't recommend fallout 4.i was so excited for this game, and for a while after it came out, i had phantom menace syndrome. over time, i have realised that it's not that good.don't get me wrong, it sure as hell isn't bad. the game from a purely technical level it pretty great.on paper, the game seems like it'd be really good; good graphics, massive and incredible detailed world, improved gunplay and great crafting systems. it's just as an overall experience, fallout 4 feels incredible average, and something you do not need to play.i'm sure there are a million small reasons why, but i think it really boils down to the rpg mechanics.  they are, admittedly simple, although i do not think that's a bad thing at all. skyrim had simple rpg mechanics and that's one of the best rpg games of all time. no, the real problem with fallout 4's rpg mechanics is a simple one: your skills don't improve from playing.the reason the rpg mechanics worked so well in skyrim is that when you did something, you got better at it. a very simple reward for trying new playstyles, or sticking with one. and if you enjoyed that skill enough, every level you could spend a skill point to unlock interesting abilities, or massively upgrade your effectiveness in that skilll.in fallout 4, you don't improve jsut from doing things, and per-level skill points are used for interesting abilities, and basic progression. and it's that which i think is at the core of fallout 4's issues. there is no reward for doing things, and you feel cheated every time you can't get a cool new perk everytime you need to spend the skill point on basic progression.this dampens the experience massively, and combined with it's other issues, makes fallout 4, while not bad, an incredible average game that you have no real reason to play.
this is bad, i wanted this game..but, it's not avaliable on my country..this is steam right ?just remove it from steam, we're "chaser" know about another server can bring it us with no blocking some countries>:(
to repetative for me!!
the fundamental gameplay isn’t deep or rewarding enough for me to stick around and explore many of the planets the game has to offer. with such basic combat and inventory management, it quickly wears thin and you’ll feel like you’re dragging yourself from system to system in search of atlas
stupid useless developers. i use to love this game and even payed for in game money and had a decent lvl character. but the stupid idiots decide "♥♥♥♥ australians, they dont need a server".now have to start from scratch and even that is impossibel due to the 200+ latency.no longer worth a turd on a cracker.
absolutely terrible!!!
probably one of the best free-to-play fps on the internet.until hats and other annoying things came. this game used to be so innocent back then...
asqueroso cada rato sacan parche y treminan sacando todo lo que tienes asta los loot que encotraste por los bariles (claro los barilles no se encuentra casi nunca y peor un animal , que nunca se encuentra dijo la verdad es mejor la version legacy por lo menos no hay bariles , y si  hay mas animales , el juego se esta llendo ala ♥♥♥♥♥♥ va hacer que la version legacy garry es una ♥♥♥♥♥♥aperdon si te ofendi
played the game on lowest settings possible, looked bad, ran at 12 fps... wow what the hell, battlefield looks 20 times as good and i can run it at high settings with 60fps, seriosly check out some optimisation, used to be able to run rust (old) and when the new ones came out i still got good framerates, so what did you cange to make it look worse and have a worse framerate. "overall i r8 this gr8 g8 game 8/8 m8, like minecraft but with more shadows."-ign, [tftw] mr.trollinski.
i was cutting kids necks open for hours on end then i saw the fattest thing ever and killed it, then after i saw this game and thought "this game sucks balls".
it really isn't all that free to play and sure you can get the same stuff by both farming and buying with real life money.however if you just cash for the right weapon you just wreck everything.even for making things such as decorations for your clan you may require items that you might as well cash for.the game also forces you to buy weapon slots with your real life money so this game is pretty much p2w.however if you're willing to pump your money into it then sure it is fun get some friends,make a clan,cooperate and have fun
over rated
waste money faaak, untrade plat dammit, can't refund -_-
ok listen up devolopers ive been playing this game for the past few months, ive seen no zomies! i didnt by a post apocalypse game i bought a zombie apocalypse game but listen here get off your lasy asses and make zombies common not rare ok! this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t your trailer up top isnt even the game you people are ♥♥♥♥ing scammers so if you want good reveiws make a zombie apocalypse ok and maybe you'll see a thumbs up on my reveiw and all your other payers ok so if i dont see an apocylpse by march 16th (when the division comes out) ill delete this piece of crap and demote your bissuness by telling every forum post every youtube video that this is a load of ♥♥♥♥! so make it happen
♥♥♥♥ing greedy devs.
very poor design intollerable truly. do not buy this game unless its $5 on sale.
agora na nova versao meu pc n roda comprei  joguei algum tempo dps saiu nova versao e ♥♥♥♥♥ td
bad grapichs bad voice acting bad weapons bad every thing bad bosses bad bad bad the game name should be caled bad i have the collects editon i got it for 125$ it was the bigest mistake if  you are going to buy this dont i whould rather play with dog turds just dont buy it
do not play this game the half of the time you play the servers will be down i mean it!!1
the sims 3 is a very enjoyable game... with the dlc... i mean the core game is fun for the first couple of hours or even the first couple of days but it dries out quickly.there isn't enough to do in the core game and if you want all the dlc you are going to need to pay approximately $400, i recommend getting the game right now during the flash sale or just when the game is on special so you can enjoy the game a little more.game elements like playing the piano and going to university should realy be in the core game but no, you are going to have to pay for the "late night" dlc if you want a piano, or the "university life" dlc if you want your sim to go streaking. with the dlc the game is exceptional but it costs far too much money to play the game without getting bored.if you bought all the dlc for $400... you could have bought 50 if not more games for that value, cheap-ish ones of course but there are many impressive indie games out there, especially now that the summer sales are going round so you can get over 100 games and still have some change.but as we all know ea are notorious for dlc so asking for less dlc that is cheaper would be asking too much so only buy this game if you have seen gameplay of the core game and seem interested enough or if you want to play for dlc.
haunted memories, a beautiful, slender spin-off, unfortunately not the best spin-off out there with the countles bugs experienced throughout playing the game.thankfully i haven't experienced the teleportation bug where you teleport backwards continuously, but at times my character teleports to a random place in the immediate vicinity and says "what the hell was that!?" whilst looking at a table for example... it's just a table, no need to ♥♥♥♥ yourself.unfortunately this game has a habbit of glitching on objects and the terrain, after reading other reviews before playing i learnt that people died by jumping on barrels and such so i avoided that, but upon entering the upstairs area of the inn i slightly clipped a door frame which resulted in my character being paralyzed and ending in his untimely demise thanks to fall damage, dispite me not falling even a millimetre.after the dissapointment of my death i decided to start a new game on paranormal difficulty, and boy was i surprised. my character spawned holding the axe, the crowbar, the lantern, and flashlight and the gun and the book was also being held, i also had another pair of arms and hands, and i hadn't even picked anything up. none of the items were useable at that which resulted in a very buggy group of items on my screen, interested to see what else was broken i decided to approach the car to pick up the flashlight and the book, however my character was incapable of doing so, i approached the items and there was no interaction button even after spamming the "e" key, he picked nothing up. the game was also lagging immensley at this point as opposed to all the other difficulties (the lag was likely all the glitchy items). and in turn the game crashed.however the scares can be surprising so the horror aspect can still be found, however do not get this game if you dislike unfinished, frustrating, glitchy games.update: after deciding to give this game an extra chance i played it for a couple of hours over the weekend and i was dissapointed :/ i encountered the teleportation bug that teleports me anywhere on the map randomly which was very frustrating and i was continuously dieing of fall damage when clipping an object. there are multiple glitchy textures thqat need seeing to also, what the develepers should focus on in the next update is not releasing up chapters but updating the existing chapters, i would play chapter 2 but it doesn't detect that i own haunted memories so unfortunately i can't, but i've seen gameplay footage of it and there are also countless bugs and even spelling mistakes in the dialogue.urgent update is needed
graphics look the same as on cs:s. sound is the same. gameplay is broken, the bullets go up (physics? who needs physics). bots are the dumbest in the whole series. and than there is the greatest microtransactions ever. for only 300€ you can have a skin for a knife. how about you take that knife and shove it up your ♥♥♥. generally not a good game, threw itself off of the cs originality.
doesen't load the game
อย่าแจกฟรีสิครับ
作為第一個在steam入手的遊戲，老實說當初是為了1.6來順便帶回來，由於當時網路不太穩的關係1.6打完就會打zero...這款我只能說，應該是valve的黑歷史了吧，1.6的畫質與武器，更少的模式可以選擇，有劇情的cs？老實說都是在拆炸彈跟救人而已，上個禮拜重新安裝此遊戲，有一堆伺服器但是連個2-3隻小貓都沒有。不過本遊戲還是有個可取之處就是radio的語音是用中文，聽起來頗有新鮮感的。
la verdad me gustsa el juego pero despues de la ultima actualizacion la cagaron mucho, me estan desilucionando... saludos.
i have two words of advice for you almir:ffffuuuuuuckkkkkkk yyooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
♥♥♥♥
after playing the game for almost 2 hours i realised it was not worth $60 and sucked
can't save my game progress due to games for windows live being a broken buggy piece of carp.the gfwl service doesn't work with my windows 7 configuration.can't even play the game without having to enable the windows update service.waste of money - gfwl drm is even worse than ubisoft's uplay.
this is the worst game i have ever played. dont be fooled in to spending money on this.
i hate this game
until someone can fix this problem that now i have bought this dlc it wont let me use it on jc2-mp
操你的?我花了快要5個小時 灌這遊戲還加上我創建帳號然後你他媽?的打不開遊戲我按peach 他媽沒東西 上面 寫 1/1 下面寫 100%阿幹我花這麼久的時間用這些事情是幹甚麼的?我想玩這款遊戲ㄟ你說怎麼半? 我還要去官網下載喔? 阿如果我去官網下載?不能玩怎麼半? 我不就花更多時間在你這遊戲上面?我電腦windown 7 (64x) 上面說的我都可以用? 我怎麼都打不開? 你的遊戲 這樣還有人要玩嗎?如果你的遊戲跟 warface一樣就好了 可以進去玩 只是不知不覺他就會斷線 像那樣遊戲我沒話說 至少我玩到有感受到你遊戲看起來畫質普通 我電腦你就可以玩了一定能承受 我下載玩創完帳號 準備打開遊戲 不能玩? 我知道你們看到也是不會改的拉因為這是外國製作出來的遊戲一定看不懂中文 一定要我換電腦玩對不對? 然後我覺得你就會說你看是你的問題不是我們的問題你看你電腦一換就可以玩 我現在不想換你說你怎麼半? 我peach要多久 我按快超過100多次ㄟ開開關關也快要50~70次一直 try again try again 都快發火了還要try again ?? 直接刪除就好了 幹
可請問?我帳號只是很久沒用((差不多快1年了))怎帳號不能使用了?名稱還被改動 本來名稱不是這樣的?登陸對的帳號他也顯示錯誤更換密碼後loading很久但還是不成功?可以解釋嗎官方?
this game doesn't work do not buy it!!!!!
.
pretty bad
le no workie workie
no matter how much of a ♥♥♥♥ or gentleman you want to be to emily, you're going through the same damn path. like the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ was about to ask emily to talk about things then he deletes the ♥♥♥♥ing message and says "do anything fun last weekend?" ♥♥♥♥♥ i already know you sucked brad and trav off you ♥♥♥♥♥!
its not identical to gunz 1
"(f)(u)(c)(k) you pc community"- nrs/wbhttp://i.imgur.com/z9zvsgc.png> future updates dropped from pc port> no kombat pack 2 for pc port> no new netcode for pc port> no goty edition for pc mortal kombat is dead to me now.
veramente peccato per infestation survivor stories un gioco con un alto potenziale ma sviluppato veramente male.cominciamo  col dire che iss sarebbe potuto essere un buon gioco ma dai continui bug,glitch e la mancanza di aggiornamenti per sistemare questi problemi il gioco si è rivelato un vero e propio disastro.le animazioni sono tremende ed è pay-to-win.il gioco e disseminato da banditi shopponi con equipaggiamento tutto comprato con soldi veri.gli zombie ti inseguono fino a costennarti e in un posto mica ci sono 3 o 4 zombie sparsi in giro no! c'è mezza città e ogni volta morirete.le armi rarissime ma sono carine.il gioco e talmente pesante che lagga sul mio pc e inoltre il mio pc riesce a sostenere dayz perfettamente.questo gioco avrebbe meritato di meglio ma i produttori se ne stanno sbattendo.e pagare per comprarsi i personaggi ? state scherzando spero.lo sconsiglio veramente almeno che i produttori si decidano a sistemare questo gioco e a farlo perfetto e come si deve.ma sicuramente meglio di takedownvoto:5.5/10consiglio acquisto:non compratelo finché non faranno una patch che sistemi tutti i bug e tutti i problemi del gioco sopratutto il lag in quantita
un gioco orribile più di takedown mai visto !.gioco che gioca su unreal engine ed e ha la grafica pesante.surriscalda in 3 minuti peggio di minecraft sopratutto io che ho un pc che ci sta una vita a surriscaldarsi.gioco pianificato male.npc deficenti,basta un colpo da parte dell'nemico e crepate come una massa di coglioni.quando voi cercherete di prendere la mira "episodio capitato a me" il vostro alleato si metterà davanti e si farà ammazzare.quando impugnate la pistola sembra che il vostro personaggio abbia le mani deformate.quando cambierete classi ai seguenti personaggi non si applicheranno ma si applicheranno quando riavvierete il gioco.questo gioco e uno schifo altamente sconsigliato non buttate i vostri soldi in questo gioco sembra bello dalle immagini ma e una porcata prendetevi sanctum 2 che e molto meglio voto:1/10
do not play this game it is one of the worst games ever made dont waste your time. :)
玩了小半个赛季，简单说下，个人感觉如果是50刀买的话。。不划算，不值这个钱，有耐心的还是等打折入吧说这个话，不是说这代不好玩，而是16继承了fm系列一直以来的尿性。。更新真心少唯一值得说的就是设置战术的时候确实更直观了，但是东西还是那些东西， 记者会还是那几句词。。从cm03/04一路走过来，不知道为什么到这代突然有点审美疲劳了。。
toxic players, derankers, smurfs, hackers, griefers etc.cannot get a game without at least one person trying to ruin your experience in some way.community has ruined this game.
crap gmae shooting not fun at all they need to fix the shotgun and pisto coz they dont work ♥♥♥♥ gmae
after enjoying this game for 600hours i've been noticing the rise in smurfs and hackers.met 1 today which showed absolutely no respect for anyone one the server calling us noobs and showing no professionalism and met a wall hacker and the other team didnt want to kick him off the server and called me noob
i wouldn't recommend this game its full of try hards
this is a reccomendation, but i have to say no because all the factions are locked without mods and even then 6 are locked until you buy the dlc and there isn't any gore without dlc. why!?!??!?!!??! but i havenm't played many civ like turn based strategies and i like this one... with mods of course.
no not buy this game, this game should not be on steam let alone be a published title
in a world where every one kills each other and dystroys peoples life time creations and everyone hates me, it  also is very laggy if your looking for a proper review in the latest version it lags like a turtle.also the servers take forever to connect to in the latest version.do not recommend if your pc can not handle it
nie ma to jak kupić dlc za 4,99 euro i rok później widzieć to samo i wiele innych dlc po 2,99 euro...samo dlc takie sobie, w sumie z żadnej z tych rzeczy co tutaj jest nie korzystam, kupione do kolekcji z innymi.
the game itself is good, but honestly having to use a 3rd party to actually play is a joke, even if you do want to pay to play, its such a ♥♥♥♥ around to get a subscription you wont even bother. good game bad model
boring
"meh"
since i can't get onto any of the multi-player stuff i'd have to say it sucks!
i came into this game with high hopes; expecting something akin to red orchestra on the scale of ww2 online, i was pumped!what i instead found was an arcadey game of bunny-hopping germans that could be used as a literal definition for "pay to win"; all bought guns are straight upgrades and there is no standard way to engage hostile armour without playing 10-20 matches, meaning sometimes you will come up against a team with top gear and you have no way to counter. the monetisation is constantly in your face, asking for around $10-$20usd per critical unlock; it's madness!pros: - almost a homage to ww2: onlinecons:- graphics look over a decade old- character animation and control is abysmal- horrendous monetisation- controls are awful (transitioning stance, bunny hopping etc)do not play this game.
the game is currently lacking in an endgame, which is generally expected from early access.drag + drop mechanics for cooking, water purification etc is very clunky at best, magnetic/sticky points in fireplaces might help this issue.injuries can sometimes mean a long and painful end to the game as medical supplies are nearly impossible to find whilst injured. losing your oar or lighter is also a quick way to a painful death, as replacements are uncommon and there is no craftable option.this game has some promise, but larger islands and some mechanics fine-tuning are required to make it enjoyable past the first few hours.i recommend holding off on purchase of this game until the developers have fleshed out the game a bit more. $20 is  quite steep for what is available in the early release at this stage.
no its a bad game and i'm also very bad at it
funny joke steam and gta devs.http://puu.sh/l2qcn/df38965654.jpg is what i see on specials, still more expensive then anywhere else, but hey at least u lowered it from the $50 price tag it had prior, so lets load up aussie gta iv store page...http://puu.sh/l2qxw/66b3c1877e.png - thats entrapment you mugs, give me my 10 seconds back.
+this game looks amazing for a 2004 release.+story wasn't fantastic as far as i made it, but i was looking forward to it, nonetheless-buggy ladders-buggy stairs-ai can spot you from a mile away (edit:  they can spot you from unreasonably far away, and many times were spotting me from behind tents and such)-missing textures (probably from a bad patch, don't know, honestly don't care anymore)-it refuses to even start on the highest graphic settings-i have to crash the game to get out of itbut heyi tried.  i really tried so hard to love this game.it's simply not fun.  i made it almost half way without cheats.and even the devmode cheats couldn't get me through.i will not finish this game.would be great if the ai weren't gods among men (and i'm on the easiest setting)edit:  amd fx 8350, single r9 270x, 16gb ram, 7200rpm hds
noooooooooooooooooooo noooooooooooooo the horror of this game..  please kill me  nowwwwwwwwwww i can't my eyes bleeeeeeeeed! in combination with my ears!  no skip button........... 2 "ladies" at intro! ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooingame community doesnt work... the cancer intensifies!
a game if you want to just shoot and shoot and not do much else. yeah, 26 minutes was about all i could stand, obviously not my cup of tea.
this game would be fun it wasn't ♥♥♥♥ing optimised worse that a bag of hot steaming ♥♥♥♥.this game (by def) is capped at 30fps, and ported straight from console, almost no adjustments made.yes dsfix can make the games playability levels a bit higher but it's still ♥♥♥♥ing laggy as all hell.i don't know which game had a worse port - dark souls, or resident evil 4, res evil 4 had absolutely no controls listed as it was ported straight over though, meaning you have to google search to actually play the game, the good thing is though the game has an fps higher than 9.would definetly not reccomend, not unless you have an extremelly high-end computer.
♥♥♥♥♥
so, i do not generally post reviews, ever. but this game needs one...played for 11 hours. esentially the same planet over and over again, even in systems 1.3 million light years away.i am however, hoping there will be content updates that add building, base building ect.. make the game.. less crap.i also just read on the website " every creature, geological formation, plant and spaceship is unique. ". this is by far the biggest lie i've ever seen for any game!don't buy, not yet anyway, it's not worth the money, not even close.
possibly one of the worst fps ive ever played. dont waste your money.
as others have said far more articulately, with this season of the walking dead your choices don't matter, the characters aren't memorable, the story is depressing to a fault, and the whole thing peaks early at the climax of chapter 3.
great graphics. clunky consolised controls, poor mp game balance, watered down console-tard storyline. not even for fans of the aliens, predator and/or avp franchises, unless very very cheap.
it's total rubbish, play an hour or two and you've experienced everything this game has to offer. i tried to like it but at the end of the day it's a turd.
multiplayer support is very basic, you have to manually forward the needed port (26999), connect directly to the host's game via ip, and that dosen't work anyway.this game is not worth your time or your $10, stay away.
p boring atm really
holy crap does it drop frames with driving..hope rocksteady fixes this mess.
what was once a game about hats, is now a game about stats.
do not buy this game in current state. so incredibly awful. there is potential but this crap should not be in early access yet. i know what early access means before you try to remind me, i know what i signed up for, but you at least expect some kind of quality of gameplay when a developer allows consumers to play their title. this game is a sham and a cashgrab at its current state. do not buy early access, wait for it to come out proper. whenever the hell that will be.
piece of unoptimised buggy sh!t. avoid like the plague.
pc port is ♥♥♥♥! its been almost a month and still online is a mess, the graphics are glitchy and after 2 15 gb patches nothing has changed, i implore you give this a miss if you're thinking of buying it on pc!
this might be a good game.  i sure don't know - dealing with uplay and ubisoft's drm is too painful for words.may it die of syphyilis in a sewerage filled ditch
average game - was wanting something like nuclear strike and instead got a pretty average on-rails shooter
a game that should be been kept as a mod even if it was going to be sold through the makers of arma like the dlc marksman,helis ect a very bad engine and doesnt come close to how good the arma 2 version is.very buggy wont even keep it on my pc its that bad.lost my support on this one.
crappy, unfinished game.the sound effects are all beeps and boops.controller support sucks - unplayable.valve should change the words "early access" to "unfinished project".
it sure was just like any other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mmo.only with a terrible looking ui.story had me falling asleep.enviroments are boring.combat is beaten dead horse.quests are... what do you expect, like any mmo.in a word uninspired.
command system is unwieldly. somewhat unplayable.not worth the time.
wow, so good. its like playing a bunch of garbage thrown together from the unity asset store. wait, thats excatly what it is.
this is a poorly executed clone of super crate box. the graphics are polished, but the platforming is clunky garbarge.the enemies seem too easy, but when you die it feels cheap and undeserved.  soo meh.
the story in this game is great and what you would expect from telltale. however, the numerous bugs/glitches in this game make it very hard to love this game. it is incredibly frustrating and at the moment i can't see the final cutscenes in the game because it is zoomed in so much you can only see a quarter of the screen. exiting the game and attempting to change the screen resolution in windows does nothing...telltales website is equally as pathetic and won't verify my new account so i cannot lodge my issue with their support. i give up...
almost nobody playing on the aussie servers.extremely hard to get into as a newbie. controls are hard to get used to. killing other players and not crashing yourself is next to impossible.a few bugs here and there but will soon be patched (end of feb 2014)0/10 would not bang.
basically a badly written xbox one showcase port that basically rips off the omaha beach scene from saving private ryan that somehow is set in some make-believe ancient world that can't possibly be planet earth. pro:-graphics is good, but jittery due to it being a console port.-nice actioncon:-quick time events.-narrow path-based gameplay. -most of the game is scripted with cutscenes.-repetitive button mashing.-the writers threw all history books out the window. they did not give a shιt about accuracy. just explosions, explosions and more explosions... ...before gunpowder was invented.
2 hours in and still no boob
let me put it this way...the lego jurassic world game version is much, much better than this corny piece of crap. as a hardcore fan of the novels and movies, i feel telltale have horribly ruined the concept of jurassic park. i cringed the entire way through this very long cartoon. so disappointed in this game.--> the graphics is like i said, a cartoon.--> the animation is really bad. i mean really bad. it's still very glitchy.--> the dinosaurs are portrayed as unrealistically stupid and slow. this goes especially for the raptors and t-rex.--> the writing behind this game is a joke.--> quick time events are the devil. this type of gameplay forces you to become disengaged from the story since you are constantly on edge in case you miss a button press. (if they show, still buggy)the game is basically a cartoon to watch. there's no control. it's entirely qte. you might as well watch this on youtube.to save youself some money, watch the game here. it's pretty much the same thing:https://youtu.be/7o7hijnphum
optimization this game after few last updates is one big joke. fps suddenly drops from 110-120 to 20-30 without reason. low setting didn't changed anything. waste of time.
i want my money back it is a glichey game that looked good in the trailer but i ♥♥♥♥ and the ai is ♥♥♥♥ it just and the crafting is wird as well i bourt it about a year ago and nothing has changed at all and it is just one big pile of ♥♥♥♥ ....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........\.............. _.·´ ............\..............(
this game used to be epic, not anymore, infact not for a long time now. too many little kids and f2p players acting like jerks and swearing over the mic or in the chat box!! i play video games to meet new friends and have fun and this game is not fun anymore! nothing seems to be done about the poor behaviour either as it's has gotten progressivley worse over the last few months especially on official mvm servers. making this game f2p has killed it, sorry, killed it for me. if they make an update where the premium players don't have to deal with the f2p riff raff and make age restricted servers i'll come back, if not sorry valve you have lost a customer. it's not worth the stress and anger and urge anyone who considers playing this game to be wary of the disgusting behaviours by players or avoid this game for a bit. i know valve will sort this out eventually as they are a great company. please make tf2 and enjoyable experience again.
does not support co-op in the main campaign, do not buy.
我只能说 这是1代的dlc吧！
pretty lame
boring but could be fun if u want to live online lol
♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥
i can't play tf2 becuase of one of the update now any time i want to play tf2 i get the blue tv of death .p.s yes i use a tv to play games
good game, let down by a bad company, with horrible drm, the forced use of udontplay doesn't help matters either.
this game is actually full of crap. don't bother. seriously boring.
this game... when you are in the middle of a match of pvp like trying to protect your house. the game will crash
would you like some gameplay with your cutscenes....movie, then you run through a corridor, then another movie where everything interesting happens, then you run along another corridor & open a door to, another movie where all the action happens, then, well, rinse & repeat.yawn.a graphic novel with some connect-the-dots 'player interaction'.
it's enjoyable enough, easy, not much/any challenge. you just kind of roll through it & the end is nigh.a kiddies' version of mark of the ninja, except the gushing blood, & adult themes of cut-scenes preclude children from playing it.get mark of the ninja instead.
you are too hot. you are over heating.  you are too cold.  you need to warm up.  you need to drink you need to eat. you have dissentry.  you need to find a way to cool off.  you are wet.  if you like being constantly nagged at about every article of clothing you are wearing, and zombies, you'll love the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game. 10/10
it\'s ♥♥♥♥.if tropico 5 is your first experience with the tropico franchise, uninstall right now, and go get tropico 4.tropico 4 is better in all ways.tropico 5 is rubbish with multiplayer.if you want to play a multiplayer, go get civ iv on sale and be happy.stay away from t5, it\'s sadness.
video looks good, but gameplay is dissapointing.
are you trying to be borderlands? it's not working.  minutes of fun.
it's got an interesting story, albeit with cliche characters, and fairly shallow central gameplay that it spices up with minigames that either have imprecise controls, or are luck based, or both.
a steamy pile of horse-poop.
this game is a slap in the face.
looks nice but basically pstw
no.
even cod comes up with new concepts every few years or so.csgo doesn't feel like a new game it feels like counter strike. it hasn't changed much. some people may like that but if you are a person that doesn't play 1 game for 10 years then you will probably be underwhelmed. verdict: if you have never played cs then you can get it. if you played previous version of cs you may get bored.

in it's current state, jc3 is broken. driver crashes keep me from ever entering the actual world. well done avalanche. but from my "19 minutes played" in the menu screen, it's not great. an unskippable 30 wait till...a drm/online login which takes 15s. then a loading screen for another 30s...all to take me back to the very first screen i saw, but now with an option to start the game. so it's taken 2 minutes before i was able to get to the main menu. disgraceful.on top of that, some of the keybindings in the gui tab are unchangeable, which is ♥♥♥♥ing useless considering i'm left handed and need to change the bindings to play properly.in short, a myriad of unskippable waits, driver crashes, poor interface design and drm make this game totally unplayable. i expected better avalanche.
this was the biggest waste of money i've spent on a game.
do not waste your money on this game, it is not even worth one dollar/euro. no people, empty servers. devs don't respond for alerts and messages from players, many bugs, and again - empty servers, no ppl. this game is dying, if not already dead.honestly, as a player with almost 280 hrs of experience - safe your money or spent on other, more valuable stuff.
do not buy this game. that is unless you feel like playing at an absolutely terrible frame rate.i've got a really decent gaming rig, i7 3770k @ 4.5 ghz, 16 gb ram, 980 ti and i was lucky to get 40 fps in this piece of ♥♥♥♥. it wasn't even stable at 40 fps and often dropped below that. are you kidding me? don't tell me it's because it's such an intenstive game, it's just an absolutely garbage port. i even tried changing the resolution to 640x480 down from 2560x1440 and guess what? still 40 fps outside.the absolutely worst port i've played in years. do not buy this piece of ♥♥♥♥. i got it for $15 off of green man gaming and oh do i regret it.
i'm having the same performance issues as a lot of other people. i'm posting this 'review' in an attempt to help counter the "only the vocal minority are having issues" argument.performance is inconsistent with an amd r9 390 and an i7-6700 on all graphics settings (well above the system requirements). fps ranges from 80 fps on rare occasion to a more common 16 - 20 fps. furthermore, the game stutters a lot rendering it completely unplayable at times. to sum up here, i'm just not having fun trying to wrestle with the stutters.update: after further investigation i'm convinced the stuttering is caused by cpu usage spiking to 100% while the game generates terrain. keep in mind i have never been able to max out my i7-6700 before and the system requirements call for an i3... yeah, right.moving away from performance issues for a moment, some things you should be aware of...saving does not occur where you might naturally expect or when you exit the game, so be prepared to replay a lot of gathering sections if you have to close the game before returning to your ship (entering and exiting your ship should save progress, but it doesn't always work for me).the flight mechanics are extremely basic (pitch, yaw, roll) and there doesn't seem to be a way for you to stop your ship, it's always moving forward. this isn't a criticism as such, just something you might like to know if you were hoping for a more engaging flight system.the survival/gathering elements can get quite tedious as it doesn't seem to take much to anger the sentinels. i did find it a bit off-putting being harassed within the first few minutes of the game while i was just trying to complete what was essentially the tutorial. they weren't difficult to fend off, it's just something i found a bit awkward from a game design standpoint.ultimately, i'm not recommending this game due to the performance issues alone; the other points i've made here are simply things i think some people would like to know before purchasing the game. i hope this helps someone.
bought it two years ago, played 200 hours.now this game is officially released, i played again. it feels hollow, much emptier than when i first started.i checked other reviews, and i understand why. the feelings seem mutual among other early backers.better save your money for no man's sky (and hope it doesn't suck)
if your'e here for a bad game report, your in the wrong place. if your here for a pie recipe, your in luck 1/2 cup (75g) self-raising flour 185g unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces 1/3 cup (75g) caster sugar 2 eggs 1 tablespoon milk demerara or caster sugar, to sprinklefilling 8 large granny smith apples juice of 1 lemon 45g unsalted butter 1/2 cup (110g) caster sugar 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon ground clovesedit: no steps doe soz
wish i could have my money back.
i would like my money back. i understand beta access and things might change. but the whole concept of a game should not chage to the point where the game i wanted to fund wont even ever be anything like they sold me on. if i buy shoes i want shoes not a ♥♥♥♥ing hat
dlc even before the game is done bad form
as i go into my third season everytime i try and play the first game it continues to crash the game. waste of money and there are so many exploits to get any player you want into your team. think i will stick to the console nhl games. at least they are playable and don't crash.
ne peut pas jouier avec une manette xbox onegros defaux!!!!!!jadore la serie mais je v pas acheter une manette pour chaque jeux comment on fait poiur laisser passer cela
total ♥♥♥♥ cannot believe i preordered this ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you
it was a good time killer. thats about it - and theres the problem. i think it would be much better if it were more than just a game to kill time. i thinkk it would have been better if there was more achievements in-game, or maybe even some upgrades on the base itself. like having different styles per upgrades on the buildings or maybe even some action in game. also the ai sucks so bad. theyre all busy standing doing nothing while the robots do the bulk of the work. this probably needed more than 6 months before releasing as it felt like a very incomplete game. i like where this is going though so please improve the game to make it worth my money.
terrible waste of a license.
poorly optimized garbage. why am i writing a review about the engine in an early alpha? because as long as they're using the arma 2/parts of the arma 3 engine this game will be an absolute poor commercial release. bohemia seems to be a positively recieved company because of the arma series, but if you take a look at the rest of their games, they are absolute trash. the game engine too, is absolute trash and is poorly optimized. it would be 10 times better if they licensed a better more commercial engine. this game is deemed to fail without a better engine.
interesting take on a tower defense style. would be a lot better if there were hot keys and it wasn't quite such a click frenzy. in it's current state, not really worth playing.
they really screwed this game!made it just like all th others, you wait you wait you wait......not all games need to be competitive... what happened to playing for fun? its simply not as much fun any more.... who cares about jumping in mid game, auto balence.... its just for fun.... sure keep the the competitive style for the competitive game... but bring back the old style for thos of us that actually just play for fun! when you have 15 minutes to play a game... its no fun at all to spend 10 minutes queueing and then someone leaves because they only had 10 minutes............who ever did this take over job sux!
do not buy this "game". calling it an alpha is too generous. it's unplayable. a great example is my game time not logging properly. i have put over 20 hours into the stand alone. every few months i boot it up for an hour or so to see how things are going but i'm done wasting my time. even at its worst the arma 2 mod was better by far. zombie ai just keeps degenerating with every patch. as of writing this review they completely ignore any kind of walls or barriers. most lives will just be spent trying on different types of hats and then dying of starvation. and if you're lucky enough to bump into someone they will shoot you dead 99 times out fo 100. do not waste thirty bucks on this abortion.
pretty but dull. better 4x options like "endless legend" which is half the price. i've played all the civ's before this one and it's average at best. if you have to get it, wait till it's on special otherwise you will feel ripped off!
terrible.
wtfthis isnt candy crush saga
the worst game you could ever possibly play , only enjoyable thing is competitive , and even then you're getting banned left right and centre for 90% not your fault. 7daybansaplenty
there's no australian servers (understandably, i suppose), so on first launch i was faced wit hthe prospect of playing on us servers with 300 ping, or eu servers with 320 ping. i quit the game.
it's too outdated, too little put into it, and too ugly.
no compren este juego es malisimo cualquiera que les diga que es bueno les miente16 minutos me tomo para darme cuenta de l omalo que es en graficos,jugabilidad,la camara ademas parece que estas jugando en camara rapida
the game play looks amazing, game play itself is not fun. they also held back units and pushed them out as a dlc. the game developers are greedy horrible people, i feel cheated (which is how everyone else who bought this game feels, go read other reviews).go spend your money on supreme commander: forged alliance, you will be much happier,
unnecessarily complex interface, uninstalled again.
the trailer was great, the actual short movie is pretty average (almost want to call it lame). i had much higher expectations from it in terms of story and acting.
disapointing considering the price, even with a -15% promotion.
its poorly presented and just a money grabber. controls are poor, no space jump button. mouse sensitivity is extremely all over the place, has random bad textures like im playing a quake 3 game engine, lags a bit, levels are really too short. and 10 bucks for something i completed in under 2 hours on the hardest difficulty. do not pay for this game.
edit: updated for patch 1.39patch 1.39 has changed several things. for one, all aircraft are 25% less reserch points. it still takes a long time to unloack all aircraft, but at least they're making some effort to balance the progression curve.1.39 has also massively dropped the price of aircraft (and slightly dropped the price of repairs), in some cases aircraft are 1/3 of the lion price they were. again, a step in the right direction. original review content is below, most of the bullet points are the same.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------as much as i want to, i can't reccomend this game. gajin seems to have turned it into a money farm. progression was always a problem in the game. pre patch 1.37 money was a problem. if you wanted to buy all the aircraft of a rank you had to either grind hard or buy premium currency. it was a constant complaint on the forums. did gajin listen? nope!post patch 1.37 the problem is even worse. money is still an issue, only now you have to research aircraft individually. other members have done the math on this showing that it slows progression and devalues premium currency by 4-5x. the progression curve is broken. so broken that it's kind of pointless to switch between countries. if you want a jet before your 60th birthday, you grind the hell out of one country until your brain melts.this saddens me. the game itself is wonderfully fun. the way the devs have handled it makes me want to puke. if you do play, play for free. don't give them your money like i did.
while i do love this game, it is not without issues.the primary issue is the multiplayer. i greatly anticipated playing classic aoe 2 with modern netcode, but apparently that was not to be. if skybox fix the multiplayer issues i would happily reccomend this to anybody that would listen.
what can i say about this pile of dino feces uhh i see why it was 86cents
a long time fm fan but this game is just ♥♥♥♥. not only does it not improve on earlier versions but it's worse. feel ripped off and will think twice before buying another si game from here on in,
this is not a metal gear solid game.this is just another generic brown dude-shooter.of what i've played so far it is easily the worst mgs game story wise. i havent played many other mgs games admittedly (only snake eater and peace walker, and gound zeros i suppose. all the others i watched on youtube). this is just such a disappointment, it's not neccasarily a bad game, but it was no where near my very high expections. the real problem is, i can't quite put my finger on what exactly i don't like about this game (apart from the "story"). there are few things though, like big bosses voice actor (can't remember his name), he barely says anything, i just find myself begging him to actually talk, and when he does i wish he would stop, the character just seems like another generic action-game protaganist. its just disappointing.i'll still be playing this game simply because i feel obliged, but i won't be enjoying it nearly as much as i had hoped. the strange thing is, i really quite loved gz, so again, i am really disappointed.
it was actually good, way back in the day when it had potential. i miss those days, i miss the old godus. it's essentially dead now but if they ever decided to make a revamped version and try sell it i'd probablty be hopeful and get burnt
read the below reviews for more indepth analysis, but i will say this: kf1 was a simple game that worked amazingly well. kf2 manged to ♥♥♥♥ it all up in one fell swoop. aside from pretty graphics there is nothing that kf2 does better than kf1. if you're thinking of buying this, dont. buy kf1
do not buy.i just lost my first game of this because the spell healing didn't have any effect on me when it should've right at the end of the game. i also noticed other spells not actually having their effect trigger occasionally when they should. the spell random was particularly bad for this, with ai opponents it was used on not even rolling for the effect sometimes (seems to be a problem particularly when someone is on the crown of command).the interface in this game needs work (sometimes you don't know what spell you're currently casting, or what type of card it wants you to select from where).it's generally pretty fun, but i simply can't play it while it doesn't abide by its own rules.
really?the game was originally made in japan, all of the voices in the game are japanese, and yet i can't play the game in japanese?screw you too.
this is probably the game i least wish i had paid for on steam.i bought it on its wonderful premise and interesting style.i was wrong.it plays like a bad free korean mmo in basically every way, including the completely janky camera that makes no sense at all.please don't buy this... at least not yet. i hope it gets better, but it looks like it won't.this game has tons of potential and spoils it.
it's broken.looks like it should be the best of the bunch for tapletop games turned videogames (which are all unfortunately varying degrees of rubbish), but it fails at that because it's broken.i and many others can't even start the game, and many more have various memory leaks and crash to desktop game ending bugs.it's really unfortunate that this is as broken as it is.
most games are losing consumers because they were using pay-to-win mechanics.valve learns from this and made this game purely on skills...or do they?what triumphs over skills? over $$$$ you spent on cosmetics? what is it that pros can't even beat?lag.lag wins games.and this game is the hallmark example put on a pedestal representing 'lag' in all its glory.lag will eat at your soul, heaving in lust at your sudden extrapolate of chivalrous attitude.and one of the accomplice that assist to this dentriment is that no one knows of your current condition. its like having mental disease and people are thinking...hes lying. why u ♥♥♥♥ing lying?(this is how i am irl.) anyways...yeah, this game is reacting to inertia; not because it suck. not because of negligence. but its because of lag. :( im so sad imma cry. disclaimer: the bad news is, there is no better alternative. i've tried lol, not to brag, but it was easy like literally. i was playing support(just like in dota) and i ♥♥♥♥ing carried the game.(it was morgana btw). ridiculous really.
each character has a terribly underpowered melee attack that eventually becomes only useful in smashing crates, a “special move” that (as far as i can tell) just makes your character glow, and an arsenal of unremarkable ranged weapons.
damn overkill you are making it so hard to love this game, you promised us no micro transactions ever and look whats going on now. not only have you added paid skins but thsoe skins give you stat bonuses. for a game that has hundreds of dollars worth of dlc you somehow expect us to pay even more.
one of the biggest let downs ever, all they had to do to fix this game was change the ai so that the whole squad doesn't focus one enemy and attack one at a time, game just needs to be more realistic...
just no. not fun to play as a shooter and lacking as a moba.
dont get this game unless it goes f2p.the game says it has a fair business model, that its grinding experience is easier. early on you get 250 coins per challenge but you soon realise that this is only temporary. you will realise that green decks stomp pub matches and their costs to play the cards are utter bs in comparison to the others. you pay 25$ for early access and then on top of that if you want all the cards in the current game you have to ay an extra 50$. very dissapointing, don't get sucked in with this games trailer etc.
the multiplayer doesn't work (since there are no players whatsoever) and this game hasn't been developed on since last year.this game is dead and will never be complete. do not buy this.
it sucks bo2 is better
♥♥♥♥ing poorly optimized piece of ♥♥♥♥, how is the beta going to be better than the full release. dog s ♥♥♥ cock
bad
great game, really enjoyed refunding it.
very broken. tried all the debugging and support but simply will not run (win 10 amd 7970hd). will consider rebuying once it becomes more stable but for the moment, maybe not worth the purchase :(
login, change skills, logout.
really wish i bought the mod for arma ii instead. granted it's in alpha, the cost is unjustified, it's been out for a while now and the rarity of updates suggests this thing is nothing more than a milking off of the mod's popularity. i've had issues from literally the main menu, involving my dpi res & mouse. there's so many feedback tickets created from 2013 for so many issues that haven't been addressed and will likely go unpatched. pretty sure this project is likely to get scrapped once it loses market traction.
i7 quad 4.2ghz cpu, gtx 980 & running on an ssd and i still have to run the game on standard to maintain 60fps. poorly optimised! if you want to play it without frame drops, you need to adjust the graphics so it looks even worse than arma 2 lol. what does this game think it is, crysis? are we supposed to wait till 2019 to be able to play it? maybe they'll release a dlc that fixes this instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ go-karts. here's a point of reference: gta v runs on ultra settings, everything maxed out and i never drop below 50-60fps.
abondoned by devs
slow and full of grindyness like a ftp mmo, and they are now introducing microtransactions.
dont waste your time, reto cares nothing for its players
i've being playing this game since the beginning, i may not have overclocked hours into like others, but i've been here apart of the community for a while. i have seen the updates and the progress, adding new content, improving gameplay and twecking features. overall i've been happy, but this game is dying. the one thing that has cut the last straw is that fact that i have to wait 15-20 minutes to join a game that doesnt last no longer than 60 seconds, and i'm not over reacting, after wasting my time, on average a game lasts no longer than 60 seconds. cause of this constant long time consumption, i have now uninstalled this game as the developers are too worried about releasing new content instead of fixing numerous problems. maybe we'll see, in the future if they decide to fix it, ill re-install it again and play again with mates. but it's not just me, its a large majority who have the same problem.
dont get this game, this game is ♥♥♥♥
wtf is dis ♥♥♥♥
i couldnt even find a weapon at the start of the game
no pls no
this game, though it looked worse than half-life 2 (which was released in 2004), used to be fun and used to have a reasonable business model.overtime, hundreds of dlc was, and still is, getting pumped out, at slow intervals and at increasingly poor quality. the rebalancing of the old weapons system and the introduction of microtransactions was the last straw for me, where you now have to pay for decent weapons with real cash, whereas before you could do a mighty fine job with the guns that came default with the game. not only that, you aren't even guaranteed to get a decent gun even if you pay thanks to the "gambling" system that is designed to milk you out of your hardearned dollar.not to mention that some usermade mods were intentionally broken. hours of work from people dedicated to this game ruined because of the microtransactions update.this game is literally the definition of anti-consumer. unless you are as rich as donald trump, and or are a russian billionaire ganglord, you should avoid this game like the plague. (actually, even if you were as rich as them, you should still avoid this game. consumers arent cashcows like these swedish cucks believe)
an ageing f2p fps that was brought down by its developers through the destruction of its former business model, making it a more pay-to-win game. severely past its prime, you should skip this game entirely.
where to start....negatives:first off if your shooting an enemy they can fire back at you even while taking damage with aimbot precision.second game glitches are just painful especially in missions.third an enemy one level above you can just tear through you like a hot knife through butter.forth enemy snipers have quick scoping aim bots before they even come out of cover.fifth a shotgun can almost one shot you from 100m away as the spread is pathetic.sixth street thugs have military if not aim bot style gun fire.positive:pleasing to the eyesstory is pretty decient 
i have spent many of hours with the roller coaster tycoon series and loved them all. but this one is the pits.  crap overall game play and i know its in it's early phase but its not fun,if you want a great game to play and i have spent hours on it allready, is planet coaster.  wow graphics are fantastic and buildings you can design and sculpt. hours and hours of enjoyment.
my friend talked me into buying this....... he is now dead░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░▀▀░▄terraria     ▄░▐▄▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
dont bother wasting your money, ship controls are the worst i have ever seen in a game of this type, mouse to control flight and weapons you just bob up and down all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place with no way to stabalize the ship (beware those that get motion sickness)
i love how frame rate problems are still a ♥♥♥♥ing problem and that activision likes to take the ♥♥♥♥ at the fact that acording to them there game is perfect well im sorry mate but its far from it. its like they took a page from dice and ea's book and said you know what ♥♥♥♥ the fans on pc and my game has been nothing but a buggy, frame drop, freezing, crashing 60 dollar peice of ♥♥♥♥ that i have ever bought and no fix in god damn ♥♥♥♥ing sight they keep worrying about all of thew unimportant ♥♥♥♥ than worrry about wheather there game ♥♥♥♥ing works but i digress dont waste your hard earned money on this peice of ♥♥♥♥ and wait till they eventually get off there knees, stop sucking there boss's toothpick sized ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ingfixes the problems so they have a ♥♥♥♥ing working game i thought dice and ea were bad well at least they had constant contact with there fans brought out updates and test patches to try and fix it but no it was 3 ♥♥♥♥ing weeks before we got our 2nd patch come on activision atop takeing the ♥♥♥♥ out of your customers and treating them like ♥♥♥♥ actally talk and discuss problems with your customers insted of jus telling them to we taking it under advisement really that means that no ♥♥♥♥ u and we will do it after were finnished makeing our boss ♥♥♥ our paycheacks dont buy till they listen and fix this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥oh and ps before anyone thinks about saying oh you a cranky fanboy and blah blah blah blah talking out of my ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and just listen i am cranky because i have payed 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars for a product and there hasent been a fix or any sort of effort to help or fix since launch so thats why im cranky and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t needs to stop
nie polecam.przez tą grę można dostać choroby psychicznej.więcej nerwów niż radości z gry. bardzo irytująca (subiektywna opinia).aczkolwiek pomysł na grę jest pierwszorzędny.można zagrać i się przekonać. ja wychodzę.
in the beginning while you play with other fresh players its a really good game, but that moment when you hit lvl 7 and up you just get thrown in with the p2w (pay to win) players that will constantly thrash you. in my honest opinion don't even waste your time with this game.
unplayable lagging~~~ i really want to play, but it can't play at all
a big disappointment
the game should not have been released in this state, what an absolute joke, my only regret is that i had enough faith in it to play it more than the 2 hour refund period. 
its ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥. dont bother.
bad bad bad first impression. when u start castle crashers, the give you a big notice "we recommend playing with a controller". what they really meant was "this game cant be played with a keyboard without getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off". all tips in-game are given in the xbox controller key presses. and if you're using a key board you have to stop, reread your settings and go "oooooh." its annoying. the gameplay itself seemed average, like any other beat-em-up game. honestly i can play this ♥♥♥♥ on a flash game website and not tell the difference. unresponsive controls. uninspired gameplay. not optimised for keyboard. the behemoth knows how to make average-ish games. but they cant port it to other platforms to save their mothers life. 6/10 game, 3/10 for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ half-♥♥♥♥ port job. no idea why its "overwhelmingly positive".
after trying to load this game for far too many times all i can say is that i'm truly dissapointed that this game only loads for the first 8 or so seconds then it boots me .
you can never find games...took me 30 minutes to find a game on domination of only 8 people...fix this. i know there is a fair amount of people playing the game, but the owners are like "haha i wont let u join them because i want ur money lololol"dont buy, i regret buying this game. wont even find a simple domination game?.. ha. pathetic
dissapointing and a waste of money. just no.
unfortunatly this game is starting to feel pay to win :(
warning:you need a permanent connection online to play this game. there are also problems when connecting, even when your firewall is disabled. the developers say its a piracy issue but people without a permanent online connection will be tempted to download the pirated version to play single player mode. so read the fine print before purchasing this game.the game is superb when getting it to play though. its very realistic with many user options and features.
warning about purchasing otc. the game requires a permanent internet connection and login to steam to play.this will only encourage people to download pirated versions to play the single player campaign.
nope
want my opinion, this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥. stay away from it and don't let the positive ratings fool you. the concept is good, but poorly executed. once there is something as good as lcpdfr mod for gta iv, please tell me.
god this ♥♥♥♥ is awful. a big disgrace to metal slug fans. i doubt you will have too many problems playing singleplayer. but this as multiplayer is broken!! it is out of sync with the other players, framerate issues, audio problems. save yourself the money, even if it is a discount, and if a friend offers to buy it for you, save him money and say no.
sloppy game mechanics and frequent crashes during gameplay, particularly during the tutorial campaign, let this title down when compared to medieval 2 and rome 1. the look and feel of the original tabletop like battles has been nerfed, random unit entry and objectives give battles the feel of a street brawl with unit tactics being downplayed in favour of spectacle for spectacle's sake.
the game is already deadno server to play
i played this game before it came out on steam, it crashed after logining in. played it once i came out on steam, crashed after login. tried look for a solution in the forums and other sources and no luck, the game loves crashing my computer
great game, ♥♥♥♥ community
its an alright game i guess, its more realistic but the gameplay is bad, the maps arent too good and extinction mode is way too hard. the only good thing about this game is the campaign, its better than all the other cods campaigns.if you want a game just for the campaign and single player, definatly get this but if you want it for the online get black ops 2 or modern warefare 3. personally i'd give it a rating of 4.5/10.
i have never played a racing game with the word "sim" in it, that is so bad.traction, braking, and steering/handling physics are terrible. cars seem to always steer right for some reason, and the handbrake doesnt work. then there is the elephant in the room. lack of content. 6 tracksand 10 cars? come on. to have to pay ridiculous money for new tracks and cars, i makes this already below par game so much more unappealing. -4/10
not counting player recommendations, the (now buzz)word "unique" appears on this store page 2 timeswould not recommend
it was on sale for $1.67 until either june 29th or june 30th. now they suddenly increased the price to $4.01, on june 26th, right when i was going to purchase it. gg. not a big fan of liars.
simply they stuffed team fortress 2 over they got rid of dedicated severs in which if you live anyway but u-s-a like me (australia) your going to have laggy matches because there are bascially no severs in au, your going to have to deal with competitive being forced down your throat even in casual bloody casual is now competitive.all i want back is dedicated severs and the old search system back as well.
it is now dead dont buy it i loved it when more played it but now its basically gone
this game is now playable! there is loot to be found! zombies don't phase through walls and smack you in the ♥♥♥♥! i don't walk up stairs and receive a black screen and watch the all too familiar words "you are dead" phase onto the screen. a good step in the right direction by the devs. if it continues like this and fulfills its potential, giving us an immersive, post-apocalyptic survival game we were promised then the game will be incredible. though i still can't recommend it due to the high price tag for an unfinished game that will remain unfinished for a very, very long time and sadly even on sales it is still rather high.
this game is one of my all time favs, graphics look amazing and the gameplay is pefect ...... buuuut there is no option for server browser so if youre in a country like australia even with the best internet youre gonna have the worst ping playing with people from other countries which is a shame. i got a refund and had to go back to xbone just cause the connection is way better and i cant just stop playing this its way to addictive haha. overall if you dont mind ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ping and lag then go for it but with a game like this connection is usually a major part :/ gameplay 10\10graphics 10\10connection -9000\10
this game has had nothing but problems since it's release... even at 80% off it's still not worth it...
vraiment merdique !!!!!regrette d'avoir acheter, le jeu en lui meme est super mais les serveur ne suive pas et la une petite erreur et faut tous re-télécharger !! 3 jours de telechargement !!! foutage de gueule ! décevant vraiement !
i killed a zombie with my ♥♥♥♥♥ 10/9
gordon ramsay put a pinch of c4 on the tip of my fedora. 11/10
no jason
i said fus roy dah and my ♥♥♥♥ blew up. 1/11 would bang
i caused 9/11
i dropped the spaghetti :(
where the ♥♥♥♥ is lara croft?
i made meth in space
i tried to make meth but i ended up making ebola :(
this game.... this game is  not textured well, the fighting style is annoying.over all, 1/10.... terrible!
this game was amazing. then it died. rip blacklight retribution
ok... where do i start? first i spawn in craft a bow, shoot a guy in the cranium.. let me say that again, in the cranium... he then proceeds to run me down and axe me a question. before he did this however i hit him the head 10+ times with a branch. ok let me list the rest the of the things i dislike.-this games is a spam e and eat berries simulator-airdrops are overpowered and need to be removed, pay2win at its finest-your food goes down faster than your water, how on earth is that realistic, you have to eat more than you drink. is my character obese and have a severe tuna can addiction?-the lagg, i am australian and being fond of these zombie survival games i thought i would give it a try. there were no australian servers so the lagg is insane, it literally takes 0.5-1 second(s) to simply start the timer to loot something absolute bs.-bows and arrows: if you are going to make guns rare, altleast make the bows viable, the arrows drops like it is made of f***ing lead like wtf. i have to aim like 15 metres above a zombies head to kill it, srsly?these are just a few but i refuse to recommend this game until they make it playable.fix your ♥♥♥♥ bungie
decent graphics, variety of weaponsbut boring and repetitivecan't find any players for quick match..disappointment overall
well i can't get this to work so at the momment this sucks.....
i love killing floor, and have spent many hours playing it. the game may not be a perfect but it is thoroughly enjoyable. the idea of having a live action short video related to the game is great, and while the "found footage" concept is cliched, i had no problem with using that device in this context. unfortunately beyond that, it is forgettable. even in a short video, something far more interesting, audacious, novel or even creepy could have been achieved. i was rather disappointed. while it wasn't terrible, i won't be recommending the video to my friends. the game, however, i'm still keen to recruit people to play with me!
you guys should seriously sit on your asses and work on this game.first of all we payed for it. after purchasing this game you have to use real money to buy guns and equiptment to surive. if not you have to go through a town of 1000 zombies that kill you instantly while it takes you 1 million hits to kill them.this game is a real cheap version of dayz and it bugs the f**** out of me of what more they could of done to improve this game. first of all don't make us buy a game where you have to pay real money to ♥♥♥♥ a zombie up the ♥♥♥♥. make it more realistic and fix the bloody combat because its worse than elder scrolls morrowind. make it 12 hits to kill a zombie instead of 1 million7 hits with a melee weapon1-4 shots depending what type of gun you haveand bingo at least its a little more better than what you have at the moment.the game is set out alright and the atmosphere isn't to bad but still cheap.its what you would expect from a game made in 2005. the pictures of the game through steam look so epic but trust me it isn't that great. buy this game right now if you want but i warn you its garbage.if you really want us spending money for this so called game fix it up and update it every bloody week. if not, continue being scammers and using our money to watch your hd p*** either work on this moreor delete it cause almost everyone hates it so far!
crap!
disclaimer: ths review is based off very little actual gameplay, but...i have played this game very little, but i am very disappointed.at first avadon 2 looks like a good throwback to old school rpgs, and it very well might be, however the very first sentence of text in the game was so badly written i barely wanted to continue, but i thought "hey, maybe it gets better", but it didnt...first sentence:"you walk out of your wrecked, garbage-strewn barracks into another, slightly larger, wrecked, garbage-strewn barracks... once you walk outside, ou can find the scout"first part of the game and already running out of words to describe things, not good considering this is meant to be an rpg with a great story."its cold outside, but silke was nice enough to leave your cloak at the door"okay, well why didnt tey hang it up somewhere instead of leaving iton the floor?"you enter the low hall where the woodsmen who lived and worked here took their meals..."took their meals? couldnt think of a better word like "ate"?"you hear scratches, you hope they dont smell you"i hope what doesnt smell me? do i really stink that bad?"as you leave, silke puts out the fire"what fire? there is clearly no fire anywhere to be seen, and i was told a minute ago the fireplace inside hasnt been used for months...
terrible game, this feels like a prototype.there is no excuse for how bad this game is, even from an indie developer who has made games before.
this had so much promise but the feel of the game is jerky and the shooting is way to random. missing the fun that l4d has sadly. can only hope future updates bring this back.
hands down the most broken port i've ever played. the reason steam strongly recomends a controler is because none of the icons have been changed for pc and the keyboard layout is terriable. i had to download a mod to get it to play at the right resoloution and it doesn't screen tear to ♥♥♥♥. also on windows 8 it still runs of games for windows, i need another mod to fix that. almost nothing has been optimised for pc. wish i'd spent the  extra cash and got dark souls 2 instead
microtransactions
steal money and ban you for nothing 0/10
"do you reccomend this game?"no.
this game has great potenial the campaign is quite good  online invasion with friends it fun but some of the weapons are simply hard to use some weapons just feel's the same your secondary does no damage whats so ever even to kill a robot on low health  you cannot do. even though this game was released in 2013 i expected more from sega i rather play jak and daxter on the ps2 i still have more fun buy this game for lols or just with friends. 3/10
this game is overly motion blurred and has only worked for me 3 times and i bought it around last year. i dammand a refund!!!
i have been playing this game from the begining before it entered steam. but i have switched into other games for a year. 3 weeks ago, i downloaded robocraft again and feeling so awesome with the new guns and items. but after this ******* loot update, hell yeah. hell yeah i can build a castle with those 100000000+ bricks and blocks from the loots! and welcome to the railcraft. how awesome it is in the world of railgun.  thank you developer, i am deleting this game with my friends together.
aah there;s an imp standing on my headthat is why this game is bad, not because it's dark you total dum
10/10 uninstall simulator
a lot of fun, a shame they left it such a broken and buggy mess. if i'm going to pay this much for a game i expect a working product. i've lost hours of progress many times due to game breaking bugs.
first review here:bit.trip runner is an interesting game, but that doesn't mean it's good. in fact, it is the opposite of good, it's a rage game. the only difference is that this rage game has the balls to charge you for this crap.one of the main selling points of this game is the music. is it good? no, the music is annoyingly repetitive. although i admit it does sound good for the first 2 levels of the game before you realise that it is practically the same thing over and over. not only that, but there is no other sound at all. just the sounds of jumping over rocks and trash cans. also, there are these 'powerup' things that go from hyper to mega to ultra to extra, and they make the game sound more lively each time. sounds cool right? wrong. the music does get more lively until you get to extra, which turns the music into low, slow sounds that break up your pacing and eventually leads to you losing the level. speaking of levels...the level design, don't even get me started on the level design. first of all, no checkpoints? really? i get that it is a kind of 'music' (if you could even call this music) game so you wouldn't want the 'song' to be broken up, but the game is so insanely difficult that it takes more than 30 minutes for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2 minute level. who thought this was a good idea? also, some of the powerups are in difficult to get places, which is good for a running game like this. the only problem is that some of these powerups are almost completely impossible to get. one powerup involves you jumping down a hole then springing back up. the problem here is that the spring throws you into a wall, which of course kills you instantly.so, the rating is probably what you want to see from this random guy on the internet.2/10 - not recommended to all who wish to keep their sanity.
at least they didn't release the same game, sell it at full price and add "riptide" on the end.oh wait..
waste of money......nothing else
this was ok. pretty short considering the wait for it to be released.flight controls are very awkward using keyboard, i ended up using an xbox controller.i'd buy this dlc again but only because im a huge "just cause" fan. i wouldn't recommend it.
the worst thing i have ever played! take killing floor, then put it into a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ halo setting and mix in some dinosaurs. after one hour in a basement with a 1987 apple macintosh, you get orion: dino horde
this game makes me despair for free 2 play games. i don't bother playing another minute, if you want to play this (which i did) you will (when playing on servers) be constantly kicked for "suspected cheating." when you don't even have a single line of code for a hack! and from what i hear it is highly pay 2 win, but don't trust me saying it's pay 2 win because i aint playing another single millisecond of this piece of junk.
good game but astroisgod always comes in my game and starts cheating, stupid pleb
lost what i thought was my best friend to it. all he does now is csgo and it made me do so too. i've been suffering mentally and physically now and i always wished we never played this game. tl;dr the game's addicting, it made me lose someone i loved and made me lose myself. it's your choice to play but never forget there is more to this beautiful world than csgo.
dated gameplay, dated controls, terrible level design and the story is generic as anything...stoped playing at the cia hq level.  has good visuals and good character modeling but thats it. the bad weighs down  what little good this game has. 3/10
sure.. this game is great if your parents hate you :)
don't buy, a lot of people are having issues with joing servers i.e. actually playing the game. until this is fixed, don't waste your money.
have you ever asked yourself "should i blow up that cat over the road with little rats dressed up as terrorists?"if no dont get this game.if yes see a doctor
capped to 30 fps, cant rebind keys, all key prompts on menus are for xbox controllers and not mouse and keyboard, no support for keyboard and mouse at all. also, it requires windows live. i regret getting this game, i spent ages with windows live account creation because of how stupid the system was at the time (unsure how it is now) when i finnaly got in it was unplayable. i payed $70 for this when it was new, i wouldnt even spend $4 on it knowing what i know now.
regular get this do that browser game, nothing we havent seen before on facebook apps
this game is absolutely terrible now, the only servers available to me at the moment are ones with password, so there is no possible way to just quickly join a public server... i want a refund but sadly cannot get one anymore. sort it out guys your game has been in development for too long now......
0/10 would never solo queue♥♥♥♥♥est community♥♥♥♥ support♥♥♥♥in a game where getting queued with autistic people, then opting to kick them because they are afking every roundthen getting banned for 2 hours for kicking them10/10 would competative againtl;dr ♥♥♥♥ game, ♥♥♥♥ community, ♥♥♥♥ support, half life 3 confirmed
what can be said about this game that hasnt already been said about the pope, i have this game on console as i had to purchase it because of this windows 7 optimisation and later, problem on my end is i baught this on steam a long long time ago and was super excited to play it on my pc wich is a complete masterpiece, (ps4 pfft) at the time of my purchase there was zero notification about the spec problems, so i went on a hunt on how to fix the issue, after browsing youtube a while i learned about the inability to actually play (i crash every time im born,)its hard to say wether or not this game should recieve a thumbs up or down, if you own a pc with xp, get it, however most people dont like running a pc on a hamster wheel, so all in all untill betheda fix this issue, this gets my thumbs down.(ps, i know i cant spell lol)
best game for some fun pvp action but hackers everywhere 80% you will encounter some no clipper or esp in a populated server so if you want to have fun go to lower player servers
do not purchase.this game does not work at all on a 64 bit pc.  a waste of money, there has been no updates to fix this for well over 2 years.
pretty bad game, would rather play an older c&c than this sh*t!
really bad game, i bought it because i was interested in the control system and how the physics were (not the actual gameplay or "story" ha) i shouldn't of watched pewdiepie play it up on youtube, conned me to wasting money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game,  it also has a timer during play like you would find irl arcades, looks like a dev project that is only made so the developer can learn how to make an actual game, shouldn't be sold on steam, it should be a free browser game if it even can be, i don't know, i'm not reinstalling this to find out.
very disappointed in this game and the gameplay dynamic totally took me by surprise, was a let down the screenshots make this game look better than it is, stuck at the start keep getting killed within the first 2 minutes. shouldn't waste 15 good dollars on this game, plenty of better games out there, probably for cheaper too! i uninstalled.update: i reinstalled to try again. the tutorials are not very inviting, so i felt like i was going back in time when i had to force myself to read the manual. yet the robotic tutorial voice is not so great, so it is very hard to follow the tutorial videos, they should have a replay button or something. it just ends and you think..."so what did it just tell me?" ...also the tutorials were not synched up to what i was doing. they start by a trigger event, but that fails to realise what i have done, very frustrating and i believe most of them had more than one area covered in the one time play, tutorial videos.this caused me to try different things at random and it didn't feel fun. i was playing a solo game against no-one like it said on the main menu to get familiar with the game. unfortunately this leads me to thinking that there is really only one starting path to choose from, and setting up your base with the essentials just seem tedious, which is why im not bothering to start a me vs ai game because i feel i need to know exactly how to play the game and know every technology path just so i wont die miserably, and even if i did i still won't be having fun with this game. why? because there is no learning curve in my opinion, you have to know it all before playing it by reading up the guides on it, leading me to think that mostly this game was for the creator and people who play multi because there is many faults that need to be fixed.1. interior doors should be closed and locked to begin with!2. i found a bug, after taking direct control of a robot in the field, i exited back into the rts view, problem was that then the wasd keys stopped working for moving around the base in rts view, luckily i had the radar reseached and built so i was able to continue by moving around with clicks on the map!3. another bug! on the rts view, you can only "drag select" units, not a simple left click... ?4. the map seems to small for a 4vs4 game5. thats all i have so far, im still unsure whether i want to play this again, but i might if the dev addresses these issues soon!unfortunately at this time i cannot recommend anyone buy this game.
wow much realism very boring such shoot
wasted 10 hours downloading it
all the servers are in russia or somthing becuase connecting from ca is a ♥♥♥♥♥, go play battlefield instead, dont waste ur money
ehhhhhhh
tl;dr: there is currently an issue with ffxhd not flagging itself for use on a dedicated gpu in a system with switchable graphics. in addition to this, during my testing (unknowing running on the igpu), the game has a tendency to crash when transitioning between areas. it's hard to say why, but regardless until these issues are resolved i'd suggest holding off. users running into issues where ffxhd does not use their dedicated graphics are advised to manually run the executable and forcing the game to use the dedicated graphics in their system.## overview and major complaintsat this point in time, final fantasy x/x-2 hd is a known quantity. you can read any review of the previous incarnations of ffxhd to know what the gameplay is like. ffx is a legendary ps2 title, pushing the barrier for graphical fidelity at the time.my biggest gripe so far is the tendency to crash. i've encountered issues where the renderer stops updating the display, causing the game to appear frozen but still be 'playable'. i believe this was an issue with my intel graphics driver crashing, but haven't done enough testing to see if the issue is still present after a driver update. this could be linked to an issue i talk about in the performance section of this review.the far more common issue is a straight crash-to-desktop when transitioning between areas. it has happened twice during the first underwater segment, and again on besaid after wakka asks tidus to join the blitzball tournament. this is a frustrating problem.## graphics and performancethis pc release offers a variety of graphical options and improvements over the various console releases. while gameplay is locked to 30fps, menus appear to render at the refresh rate of your display (which for me is 60hz). this might be a cause of concern for some, but personally while i'd prefer there be no framerate cap, a game like ffx is perfectly playable at 30fps.in terms of performance, i've been playing ffxhd on my laptop, hardware wise it's a zenbook ux303ln with a dual-core core i5-4210u @ 1.7 ghz, a 2gb geforce 840m and 12gb of ram. currently, there appears to be an issue where ffxhd is flagged to run on the igpu instead of the dgpu, meaning instead of using the geforce 840m, ffxhd has been running on intel hd graphics 4400. this is my primary reason for not recommending this just yet, in addition to the crashes.performance on the hd 4400 has been above expectations. the game runs at 1080p on the low preset with textures on high at 30fps in most environments. typical for integrated graphics, the framerate dips into the mid-20s in scenes with lots of lighting effects. combat for the most part runs at 30fps (again depending on the environment), but attacks with lots of effects or explosions cause the framerate to tank fairly sharply. the gpu is given full license to clock up to 1,000 mhz with memory at 800 mhz and a temperature of around 73c-75c. i'm fairly impressed with these results given how limited the shader performance and memory bandwidth is on the hd 4400.as for performance on the geforce 840m, the game runs at 1080p on the medium preset with textures on high and anti-aliasing turned off. exploring around the early areas of besaid the game sticks to 30fps with gpu usage around 95%-98%. in a battle scene on besaid, gpu usage drops to around 85%. the 840m is allowed to turbo to its full 1,124 mhz core speed and 900 mhz memory speed and temperatures sit at around 73c in my zenbook ux303ln. once again, i'm pleased with these results, given the 840m isn't exactly a gaming powerhouse.however, in reality i shouldn't even have to have two sections for performance. the game should be running on dedicated graphics in systems that have it. whether this is an issue for square enix to resolve, or if nvidia can resolve this with a driver update, it's still dissapppointing to see. performance numbers across the board are better than i expected, so i see no isses with optimisation here, just the issue with gpu switching and crashes.## conclusionsthe issues outlined here form the basis of my decision to not recommend this game at this time. crashing to the desktop is a frustrating experience, and users should not have to manually set a game to run on their dedicated graphics.however, when these issues are resolved, i will ammend this review and give ffxhd a solid recommendation. if you believe you're happy to work around these issues as they currently stand, by all means the game has my recommendation. but until they're resolved, this review ends without a recommendation from me.
this game is fine and dandy... if you play with friends.this game is unforgiving and pretty boring if you go at it solo. either get some friends together and give it a whirl, or wait for it to come out of alpha and see how it develops then. :)
차라리 보더랜드를 하세요
worst combat system i have ever experienced, simply put.
absolutely horrible to get running.  be prepared to put a few hours in to get it working well.after that i made the mistake of playing this for the story. for me it was an atrocious experience.if you want to play around in a city sandbox and are willing to put the time in to get it running then it is brilliant.however i would warn you away from the base game and point you to the expansions instead.  they are much less painful and come much more highly recommended.if you want a gta game that is pure fun in solo play then vice city is a better choice.if you want fun multiplayer go for gta v.
the core gameplay is good, but there are not enough features to recommend this version of bookworm.if you're good at scrabble you might enjoy this as a single player warm up game.but for me i felt there was a huge lack of features.there is no option for multiplayer here.  there are only two game modes - classic and action.  these modes are essentially the same with red tiles that burn through your stack just coming faster in action mode.the 'hall of fame' i saw only had a few pre-installed scores and there was no online leaderboard action going on.once i'd had a play around with all of those things there was nothing else to do, and i found myself quickly bored.if you want a single player version of bookworm then i recommend the bookworm adventures series instead.
when is game of the year out?
valve has made a slimy move on tf2, as the ideas start to fade they just copy and paste cs : go into tf2.  if we wanted weapon skins...   we would play cs : go  not tf2.  tf2 used to be an awesome game but now its just a remake of cs : go, a copy and paste for more profit.  r . i . p     team fortress 2.
the game has a very good concept and generally good gameplay. however, once you finish both campaigns there is really nothing left to do in this game.  i would suggest purchasing m2tw gold edition (medieval 2 total war) which i found a lot more fun. it is also recommended that you take a look at the rest of the total war series as well.
i would recommend this game but since version 1.37 the game is becomming less and less enjoyable. the grinding in particular matches world of tanks and world of warplanes in severity. the ability to create custom missions and scenarios is good but the developers didn't bother giving anyone instructions on how to use it. the new ground forces is fun but is very much affected by the grind. my advice: get the game and just have some fun with a few battles every session, don't bother trying to get teir 5's as you will bore yourself to death.
games so buggy 10% of people cant even launch it. 10/10 would refund again
this is game is ♥♥♥♥ bad spawn i got bored of it so i threw it out of the window -jameshits ♥♥♥♥ -smayshh
scammers man
♥♥♥♥. pretty boring and unoptimised, i expected muiltplayer and got straight up jacked. quality indie games, amirite.
$60.00 and it wont even run, i can run doom but not this, i can run fallout 4 but not this, we should get a refund.
it was really boring!!!!!!
it's very repetitive and it gets boring very quickly.
the game has the wrong resolution for my machine, i get a black screen and i can't see anything to fix it.
it is stupid, pointless and a waste of time.
so i can download the game and not play it a monthe before release. insanely confusing and a bad move on the developers part.
this is honestly the worst call of duty ever. <ful stop!! it is just a crappy remake of mw2. its just the same game, but worse!
not that great of a game actually! the multiplayer sucks!
wouldn't recommend it, could do with a little more realism. not sure about the rest of the world, but here in australia, we use air tools for most things, ie; taking off wheel nuts - not wheel bolts. also, the exhuasts on a car usually come in 3 parts from the cat back, and to replace one bit, you don't have to entirely remove the rest, just saying.perhaps adding the ability to customize the cars that come in would add something to it. like fitting a turbo and intercooler setup to a car, etc.i know it's still early stages, but it could be a lot more than what it is.
i found it extremely laggy, due to me being way to far away from the servers. i do not recomend this to anyone in australia, as the pings are insane
wonderful game! but giving negative review due to viruses being found within the game files. waste of money now....
fun game but the amount of hackers makes it kinda ♥♥♥♥, although as soon as there's some serious anti-cheat implimented i would recommend this game.don't buy unless you ready to get your house raided by people with magic wands.
the controls are bad, the story is bad and the voice acting is horrible. don't buy this game
acabei de baixar o jogo so que executo o launcher e ele fecha sozinho ta dificil eim alguem pode ajudar?
seriously cool game, but destroyed by poor optimisation.
overall, its a pretty bad game. the campaign for a start, i dont even know if im alive atm! (pls wtf) and it just feels like there are way to many enemies (the ai sucks too) so this makes it a massive cluster f*ck of swirling sh*t. i hate it a lot. zombies is just the same crap as it used to be, except there are even more glitches to make it an impossible experience. multiplayer on the other hand is quite fun. bust mp i have played on any cod i think. it just needs more guns with better mechanics for each. i cannot feel the power of firing the weapons like in bops1 ( all weapons felt different), instead all the fu*king guns feel the same. and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitchyness problems are a pain in the ♥♥♥. has to freeze at least once every two games, and at the most inconvenient times too. fml this will be the last cod i ever play. sick of ♥♥♥♥ devs working under unrealistic timeframes and creating the worst ports to pc in gaming history. only play if you are into mp (must be on sale!!!!!) not worth any more than $50. i say this because its an incomplete product with all kinds of flaws both story and gameplay wise.
this game has some interesting things about it... but.... idk.... its a bit lame and soggy :/ dont think of it as a city builder from a gods perspective, but more like, something a fat alcoholic, diabetic, heart attackishperson designed who never played a game before.... just, dont play it.... its realy dry.... but has some cool sounds in game...... ps.... the game distription is soooo deciving, just, if it was not worth any money, this would b ok, and acceptable for gamers.............
i join thinking it would be a good free to play experience, but it turns out if you want to progress pass the basic wizard class at all it costs the microtransaction gold. everything was bought with the microtransaction gold, and it wasn't buy it and keep it, it was if you die its gone there goes your money.unless you want an experience similar to a poker machine i don't recommend it
i never was a big fan of the half-life series, i especially though this game was decent at least, but other people seem to call this "the best fps ever" and "one of the best games ever". personally, i just thought the game was mediocre.the gameplay is nothing really that special, it's a first person shooter, and a very simple one at that. i do like the range of weapons, from pistols to rifles to shotguns, and you can carry them all at one, so there is a lot of variety, much like bioshock. however, the puzzles are extermely straight forward and the vehicles are so finicky, i press the d key for a millisecond and the entire boat goes in a 90 degree angle, the gameplay was just simple and nothing special. it just got boring for me in the end.the graphics weren't bad, for 2004 they look quite good, but to today's standards, they are a bit outdated to today's standard's like infamous second son and the new wolfenstein. also i didn't care for the story or the character's for that matter, especially gordon freeman. he is possibly one of the boring video game protagonist. he is basically just there as a object of plot, he could be more intersting if we actually heard him speak, but he is just boring. people say that he is like link from the legend of zelda, but the thing with link is you can see his facial expreesions and see how he is feeling, making him more developed, freeman is blank with no word of dialouge and no face in game. he is not a charactter, he is an object.personally, i don't like this game, because of the high critical acclaim it got, and it had a very sour payoff. if you like this game, that's fine, go ahead and play it, but for me, i'll pass when half-life 3 eventually comes out.
piece of ♥♥♥♥ game, don't download it for the love of b0ss franku.
i'm a big fan of the lego games.unfortunately i can't even get this game to open. the closest i can get is the icon on the taskbar and 3 seconds of a black screen. nothing seems to fix it.i'm sure for those who can get into it and play through without crashing, it'd be fun.
don't waste your money the most boring game i've ever played, nothing exciting in the game, plain environment and simple objective.
 with the recent series of issues like connection errors, poorly balanced weapon parts and the game  crashing randonmly plaguing loadout, it is now clear that the game was nowhere near ready for release and could've benefitted from a longer and more extensive beta test; which would've allowed for all of the game's features to be fully added and optimised.adding onto this, the developers could communicate more with the community about any critical events like region shutdowns rather than just spontaneously shutting the regions down without informing the community and suffer from subsequent backlash.all in all, avoid this disastrous mess until they're resolved.(also, i couldn't save this as an edit to my  previous review)
i have to be completely honest and this game needs so much work.. for example if you bought the premium edition and got 3 airdrop tickets.. once you use the tickets everyone runs towards the packages with guns proceeding to kill you and taking it for themselves.. thats my money that has just been stolen away from me...... there should be someway to safe lock it just for you, its only fair when its your god damn money being spent to buy the damn things. at this point in time i would rate h1z1 4/10 the gameplay is standard and the graphic are sub par level. the only thing i enjoy about h1z1 at the moment are the awesome fist fights. overall h1z1 currently - 4/10
i really dont recomend this game after i bought it i played it for like 30 -mins and im just like this is ok
trarh
поцаны 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ кросфаир ток гравика лучше, думал есть система pve оказалось каждый сам за себя ну что это за ****, не играйте чтоб время не терять)
although the game is fun at first it quickly becomes repetitive and boring
i found this terrible because i bought trackmania canyon, valley and stadium, all of which i downloaded but once trying to play the game, it claims i have to repurchase them since i didn't buy them in the first place according to maniaplanet, which means i wasted money on games that won't work, if someone knows how to fix this, i will much appretiate it.. but for now, i am quite irritated
juste hum comment dire, un jeu tout simplement nul
un jeu qui tente de copier gta mais au final, cela donne un jeu plein de bugs et de cheaters.je le découseille reellement !
bourré de bug, besoin d'une maj d'urgence. et des kits pas équilibrés
it doenst work for me
bad frame rate issues. glitches. not starting. lack of depth. no multiplayer. ps2 tier graphics. an ending that is actually a beginning. hello games you failed. you promised something and you did not deliver that promise. myself and millions of others bought your game on many different premises that simply weren't in the game. and up until months before release were still being shown in trailers. and absolute joke. now im stuck with it.
this is laggy ♥♥♥♥♥ 0/100
currently in alpha this is a waste of money 0/10022/09/14: this game is still garbage with less weapons than the mod, no vehicles, no custom maps and no missions, traders or base building from epoch so there is literally nothing to do, in its current form it is easily the most dissapointing game i have ever played, do not spend your precious euros on this game
i'm not suprised that ♥♥♥♥ing scum such as pewdiepie, markiplier and captain sparkles play ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay 2 win games like war thunder. when you have to pay 20 dollars to have the best weapons  in a game blame middle aged men recording themselves screaming at slender and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ java games. ♥♥♥♥s like pewdiepie are payed to advertise piece of ♥♥♥♥ ripoff games and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like tobuscus promote autistic behaviour when at drive thrus.peace out pewdiepie ♥♥♥♥s.
this game is awful 0/100
wtf is this ♥♥♥♥, 0/100, avoid at all costs.
don't bother wasting your time.  way to go to embarrass your self developers. i want my money back. disgusted. what a bodge job. did your selves no favors in releasing that guys.
can't even run the game so please do not buy this game it's really not worth it unless you want to waste you money
♥♥♥♥
i spend $5 on a new indie game. not 10 minute trash.
sonic adventure dx for pc is just so, amazingly... ok. it just trys to be something absolutly huge for the franchise, mixing dramatic storytelling with the rush of sonic gameplay, and yeah, at the time and on the right hardware, this was revolutionary. its just plain awful today.the advancements in pc gaming make the attempts for story telling, and the technology used for this effect just laughable. seriously, the developers of the pc version must have low expectations. your first playthrough of this game (all campaigns) will be memorable for years to come, but not in a good way.  why?because this pc port is complete ♥♥♥. missing button presses was a frequent problem through my experience, no matter how many different keyboards and computers i played on. (tested on 5, btw) for example, during the final boss fight of amy's campaign, during phase 3, i game-overed 3 times from full lives because of the missed presses. in the fight, you have to jump over an obstacle. in my experience, amy jumped probably 3/4 of the time. eventually i got so badly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off at the game, i borrowed a second usb keyboard just to double my button presses.this problem was only present in the boss fights. there is literally no reason for this.why do i say thats its ok then? well, sonic adventure dx is on the fence on being good or bad. the cornyness of the cinematics makes it funny and good, but only seconds later, a glitch where you are thrown uncontrolably off a stage by a pickup, losing a life and possibly game-overing you makes it bad. this effect (and unfortunatly glitch) happens frequently.if you are curious, wait untill it's like $1 in a sale before you buy. just the hours alone and only the hours alone playing this game would justify that price. if you are on the fence, just don't.here's hoping sonic adventure 2 isn't this broken.
as a lover for the original games, i did not find this game of the series much to fuss about. i found it fun in some areas but i definitely did not enjoy this anywhere near as much as the other 3. still good though
never get it, its a trap
even after many updates, doesnt work. i expect a few crashes but its un playable. cant go full screen on a mac and get more than 5 min of game time.
horrible optimisation. i can run every game in my library on 60fps on max settings. except this one. this game is literally unplayable. i want a refund.
color symphony is... okay. given a bit of polish, maybe a little bit of difficulty added, a graphics overhaul, maybe change the story a little bit (read: start story from scratch), and this would be something i'd expect to see somewhere like armor games, new grounds, or miniclip. as it is, the game has a plot that doesn't make sense, graphics and story that try to come off as edgy (and fail, hence aforementioned graphics overhaul), and a soundtrack that doesn't suit the game. on the other hand, the controls are simple and easy to master for the most part, and the colour change concept is actually pretty clever.however, it could have been implemented a little bit better. enemies are reasonably easy to dodge, and if you hit one, you simply have to avoid it until your health regenerates, reducing the difficulty level. the erasure of multiple colours is confusing, and not needed after that tutorial level. there isn't a life system, so you can start from the start of the level as many times as you want. it also takes ages for the character to recover after being hit. also, falling off screen is insta-death, which is annoying, as i feel like it should teleport you back to where you fell off, and reduce your health, although that would still be a slap on the wrist due to the regenerating health.so, in other words, if i was developing the game, i would not have released it yet. the price of the game is an accurate reflection of how enjoyable it is (not very, due to rather quick boredom onset). as such, feel free to have a go, but don't be dissapointed when you get bored as i did.also, as a side note to the devs: i don't exactly know how you came up with the name of "color symphony", but the symphony part doesn't exacly fit the game.
no i dont recommend this  to ♥♥♥♥en hard  and the owner doesnt help you very well
worst  ♥♥♥♥en game in the world i paid $20.00 for it   and it refuses  to work for me  biggest waste of money  ive ever done     refused refund  so ♥♥♥♥ you steam
this is a message to the owner  :   fix your ♥♥♥♥en game now  it lags every 3 seconds   you go walk freeze walk freeze  and thats how it goes  you need alot of paitants to be able to play this game if you dont  .  dont bother buying it  its not worth the hassle
worst game ever made who ever made this game was on drugs  it says press z i press it and it takes ages to work then i just die over and over again  its a stupid game not even worth the money wish i could get my money back on it
got banned for trolling hackers really ??? pull your fuuuuucken heads in cuuuunts
dont be greedy and add micro transactions or this game.
我第一次写评论绝对是差评恶心的操作逼死人的怪物最初的吓人让人最后看见怪物不是害怕是来气猎奇的关卡设计和机关该给补给的时候不给经常自带鬼畜完全不懂得考虑玩家你的剧情再好有个屁用？玩着来气！只能说垃圾了
waste of time. brought it i cant even log in through steam or through an account
so i bought this game. $75 no worries i can handle that. 60gb in size, okay now youre pushing me, then 2 painful days of solid downloading later and i try and play online and of course. it crashes everytime, every single time. rockstar sometimes you can be an award winning game studios that take us on a magical journey and the rest of the time youre just that impatient twelve year old kid who ♥♥♥♥s pies and other household appliences because he cant wait to have sex.
i am a big fan of se and have spent may houres plaing it and have enjoyed it, but within the last 6 to 12 months it has totally failed to live up to what the developers have said and is unable to play on my high-end computer as it keeps crashing and laggs like all hell and it never give you a reason to why its not working, the only thing it ever gives is a message saying, do you want to tell the developers and i always say yes, but nothing has changed.i do not recommend this game at this point in time and wont change my mind until it is fixed
meh
if you have never played cs:go, don't start. worst community and no-life smurfs everywhere, forced to play a ton of games with them til you hit rank 3 (rank 3 takes a long time to hit). then you can play competitive which is filled with people that just derank to kill new people for fun. had about 1-2 hours of fun through the 40 hours i have played, honestly not worth the money and don't even get me started on the money scamming skin system.
don't bother wasting your time with this game, once you hit a level 30 it becomes a painful losing streak until you quit. the matchmaking in this game is the worst, matches low tier players with high tier players and does the complete opposite of balancing the teams. unless you are willing to throw down over $50 and get real lucky on the gambling stay away from this game.
hey and the chicken mask and the tiger mask what happend
no me gusto para nada,perdonen a los que le gusto solo digo mi opinion.
crash with some message"video driver crashed and was reset make sure your video drivers are up to date"oh what the hell , my video driver is lastest version dude! come on man don't do this to me.sometime i got blue screenatikmpag.sysmy specamd radeon hd 7800 seriesintel(r) core(tm) i3-2100 cpu @ 3.10ghzsystem memory 6 gbradeon software version 16.1 (lastest update)radeon settings version 2015.1223.1060.19763
no update
älä osta...
was good initially, then the fps began to drop like everyone else which in turn stopped me from playing it altogether, unfortunetly fancy graphics and render distance was more of a priority then game performance. as a result a massive assassins creed fan like myself is now losing feelings towards the franchise because of it.
a zombie fell from the sky and killed me 11/10
about as much fun as masturbating with sandpaper
once you spend about 5 hours learning on how to deal with gfwl's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you can enjoy this game. great game ruined by a ♥♥♥♥ port.
wont even let me register. fix this bullsheet. the tutorial was the most gey h0m0 ♥♥♥♥ out it sucked
excuse my last one but now, i hate this now... it used to be great fun. bought a shotgun, a crappy auto shotgun. won a few scraps. earned enough money to bid money for a well created cerberus jacket. got a robo-cop kill theme. watched a few people role-play. had fun in general.but now, now it's all gone down in a spiral. i used loved to play this game, the customisation, the role-playing from time to time. in truth, i really, really, really dislike (absolutely hate) this game. but the reason why i play it? i play it in hopes that it will be back the way it used to be.
ok, this game had a good premice. shoot zombies, monsters and robots with friends. that was a good idea. but its not a good idea if people from anywhere other than where they set up try to play. im australian and every single time i shot an enemy it would register and do damage. when i roll away from the attacks, i would still get hit. this game is bad if you arent near their servers. and i don't like that. i will retract this review, as soon as australian servers come in to this game. until then, its a bad game for me.
let me start off by saying this game holds a ♥♥♥♥ load of potential. i've been a part of it for a couple years now and the lack of improvement is just sad. the game has so many bugs and errors atm that i can barely play it.very dissapointed at the devolopers.
unturned the review:this game........."game"..........is simply.........atrocious. i do not like this game. i personally think that this is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥10/10ign
this game is not woth 15$
laggy, bad dialouge, with bad graphics as a bonus. i wanted to like this game, but it's just not good.
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, a bug 5 minutes into the game which wouldn't let me continue, it told me to equip a bow and i did and didn't move forward, piece of ♥♥♥♥ game, developers need to fix their ♥♥♥♥....
game is so far behind and bad quality graphics no aussie servers and hostile
worst game ever
is a fun game, and used to recommend it. i was a late adopter but really did love this game. crimefest ruined it, don't need ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransactions.this is just a money grab and writing this review to make sure overkill knows this ♥♥♥♥ is not on.
one of the worst games i've ever played
checks steam new cod noice black ops 2 was alright and friends said it was good *watchers trailers* "omfg that looks amazing" *installs* *plays* "omfg this is the worst game ever ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ " thinks ohhh wait did i just lay black ops 2 mixed with a dog ♥♥♥♥ on a jew "yeah i did waste of time dont bother with this crap"
ride to hell... ride to hell... firstly, putting it out there, the game's premise is half-decent - the graphics are, again, half-decent, but everything else is just such a let down. having said that, i don't know why, but i felt compelled to finish this. so i did. hell, i even bought the dlc...the controls are terrible - both k&m and controller. the mouse jutters all over the gaf, analog sticks are just as jittery with some crazy acceleration behind them - then you combine driving and shooting (particularly the sidecar sections)... hoo boy, that's, certainly something. would i say it's the worst game i've ever played though? nope. dunno why, maybe it's stockholm syndrome, but it's certainly not good.
waste of money its really laggy on severs and most severs you cant conect to
every thing i wanted and more! even with some of the fiddliest flaws this is obviously a great game 9.5/10. (its still in alpha)that was my review when i first got the game, nvm lol its a blot on my inventory and should not be played by anyone until its finished.
i can deal with bugs, weird 3d and terrible camera angles but what i'm upset about is the absolutely poor excuse for a campaign. i finished this game in 4 hours and get almost every signle triangle. i spent 28 hours easily in trine 2. a game this short is in no way worth $20.
this game has some of the worst controls and mechanics that i've ever seen. takes 90% of the fun out of it.
this game sniffs more butts than an arab whos turban has fallen off. and den dat arab said to thet lady suk ma dik give me bak my turban.
it'd be a great game, it really would... if it would just get past the developers credits, stop freezing, and all round ♥♥♥♥ing work!!!!!!!!!!!!! so no. i dont get to be a gangsta bruce lee in hanoi, or wherever the ♥♥♥♥ it's set. instead! i have to take out my fury on streetfighter, tho only other place where i can be even remotely close to all that martial-arty criminal-syndicate-takedowny stuff!
horrible pay-to-win saints row ripoff. not worth the disk space!
waste of money if you want a plug in and play system. you're much better off with an xbox controller.
trash teir buggy as ♥♥♥♥
i got this game for about 50 cents, and it wasn't even worth that.you may think that this game is one where choice actually affects the story, it doesn't. no matter what you choose, you will continue to do the same crap and visit the same places. you will still go through the final act and see the same stuff, the only difference will be the very end scene.the only effort put into the game was the art and it's just a bunch of stills. the programming is the equivilant of a 10-year-old script kiddie. i would only reccomend this game if it was free
fails to launch due to eac problems. support thread no help. 0/10. broken game. avoid.
no online multiplayer :(
this is great
terrible loot system that breeds toxicity. one can play a 1k hours and still not get 2 or 3 trinket esential for high difficulty level, never mind the fact one need to play those levels for such loot. so far after 200+ hours, only 3 headgear, 2 for a character i played 3 times and 1 for my main.  amongst the plethora of customization the devs made, they block it all with rng like some cheap f2p devils.dying population not addresed with maps or mods.new dlc lackluster and wrecks balance for some items.here's hoping the devs have some sense to see this situation. here's a thumbs down for the point.
you die a hero, or live long enough to be another ea. another good team fallen to the corporate devils.
jump(or rather, tripping) over to full release from early access; that's what it is. player model turned uglier. zombie still have floaty head hitboxes, persistant from ea. there's very little escape map for coop enthusiast and even to that, you get player enemy when they die or infected if you so careless to get your clothe's thread hit. new escape map has poor item drop and many zombies, even melee, as a form of completion deterrent. a cheap game padding due to lack of maps instead of meaning, challenging obstacles. say, challenging? they added an armored zombie that will eat up all your ammo-not that you have any. pvp enthusiast? bring your team to the game or face outnumbered in a hunt game, a solo free for all(save the group which the game has no fail safe over). zps enthusiast? this isn't the game. there's no weight system so everyone hoardes everything. melee isn't skill based, but fail-to-be-based. there's no physics-based barricade and game is slower with worst tick rates. those who still cares, forum moderators now are going full out, trigger happy post deletion, thread locking mania. you wanna post? better be positive or tatsuro will delete it. you got opinions on game? "well it's just your opinion"-actual quote from another dev.
it's good. splash damage got the sense to nerf op character after release. hopefully their publisher wont repeat it for quick cash grab.but now it's infested with hackers. it's going down the road to ruin and nexon doesn't seem to give a damn. no action from reports made.combat arms all over again?update: they released new anti-cheat. don't know if it combats the rampant insta-kill hacks. but now it kicked me 3 times in an hour. zero mission progress.still zero team balance.zero team jumping restriction.zero skill balance.zero report function.zero map addition.that's enough to rationalize my zero patience. i'm done.
ugly,boring, dont bother.
it was fun whilst it lasted, and trust me, for me it lastedhowever this game is dying, and i can't, in my right mind continue to give it a positive review.
seems like a basically good game besides from one thing it keeps freezing as soon as i open it
super distro-rewiew-hardest platform game ever!-this game is really bad in opinion because stages are too much hard because of bad stage designes-controls are really bad you can just press move inputs and jump fire button and it's not enough to finish stages so if there would be any double jump button or auto health regen or like that something that would be better-hardest platform game in my opinion and almost impossible to finish the game it's not fun!-so is it worth to buy it? nope exacly nope..
do something with this ♥♥♥♥ing ranks. i'm sitting in a ♥♥♥♥ing silver i, and i'm killing everyone even with closed eyes. i don't deserve that to be in this rank. i supposed to be in gold nova something, or maybe even master guardian.thank you for ruining this game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
this game is terrible. the gameplay is terrible and multiplayer is impossible because there is no possible way to find friends, it is entirely unfriendly to new players who get shot down just so the more experienced can steal their torches and in my very honest opinion i feel as though i should get a refund with the included terrible quality of the game for 20 dollars.
tropico 4 is better.
pretty much dead multiplayer. the campaign is fun the first time around but the achievement system is broken.
1/10... steam has really low standards letting this game be released. the first game of 2015 i've played on steam is low. atleast i'll appreciate other games much more this year. this game is more like a very early in development tech demo. i bet this game was made the night before released. maybe the dlc will explain the gameplay. just maybe. anyway i'm a bit harsh 1.5/10 for a tech demo and 1/10 for a game.
this game is terrible, i do not recommend it in the slightest.for a game called pay day, i didn't get a regular payment from the government. you see i rely on my benefit in order to purchase games on steam and if i am not getting money: no games. this game expected me to think in order to succeed. do i look like a rocket scientist? ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ right here in particular. if i wanted to play a game that involves thinking, i would just go back to tf2 and calculate the trajectory of rocket jumping. i'm also highly afraid of clowns so every moment i joined a game i screeched in terror as a team mate came into my vicinity. 1/10.
possible the worst game ever, you start up the game to a confusing menu followed by the fact that the only thing u can hunt is grass, why would u play this game why, if you want to go hunt and be nick sterianos just go outdoors and do it.
i have a windows 7 and it keeps crashing when it opens
on my alienware 17 it dose not let me play it
no one in australia plays this game it is useless if ur in australia
its gay the end
terrible. dont buy. bad graphics, boring gameplay and uninteresting dialogue make this a terrible game.
if more people still played it, i would play it more. sadly, most servers are populated by bots.
eh, it's very repetitive. it's like if goosebump choose your own adventure books were interactive only not scary.
would not reccomend until treyarch fix the optimizezation, i either time out or turn vsync off and get 1 frame maxother wise its a good game...
fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game
this game gave me aids. do not buy, unless you want aids. think about your future. 0.1/10
a game that simulates a game
you can have a bug where you just die randomly! be warned!!!
this is stupid
♥♥♥♥ off with this paid mods ♥♥♥♥
grand theft auto v is a fun game. a great game. i would recommend anyones this game. but take-two and to some extent rockstar have been shutting down third party online servers, just so people play on theirs and buy in-game cash using real money. this is a tactic i do not support, and as a result i would recommend people buy this game. if you want to pirate go ahead, don't support this shady tactics
sucks
i like the idea and i hope they help the gaming community to improve but as of right now i can't quit it so i can't play other games. i also can't uninstall it and it doesn't show up on my task manager. i restarted my computer but it is still running. please make this work. australia's horrible internet needs it.
essa bosta n entra -.-
do not get this game it is so ♥♥♥♥ it is the worst game in the history of fps gaming in pixel form.do not buy save your money.
if gabe keeps making these small but stupid changes in dota i might stop playing for good because its cancer.suicide
this game is annoying and frustrating
nice false advertising hello games, or sean murray. multiplayer?
absalout ♥♥♥♥, waste of money
worst game ever, wouldn't recommend. i would sooner hang myself with my mouse cord. play league of legends, don't be a ♥♥♥.
eternal stalemate simulator
why is this in my games list?
♥♥♥♥ game
the good old days in '12
the gameplay is way too repetitive, and the graphics feel cheap and recycled. i don't mind turn-based game plays; in fact i like them a lot. this game however just feels empty, as nothing stands out - the environment is boring and noninteractive, and the characters also feel the same. the game play just feels too stale.as for graphics, the pixel art is a plus though it really bothers me as the enemies looks very similar, especially at the start with those raccoon creatures. the environment too - they look nice but you can't really interact with them; there's either not a lot of visual queues, or there's too much that they seem to do something but don't. this makes the visuals get repetitive, uninspired, and... odd as there's no visual focus to look at.but to be fair, this game is very cheap and it does get away with things in my rant. buy it if you will. but i recommend that you save your money and looks for others games; there are better ones that can be had for cheaper.
**this is subject to change as updates come through**forsaken fortress strategy; where do i start?it's still in ea, so i'll go easy on it, but for the kind of genre it's going into, i'm going to have to give it a thumbs down. sorry photon arena, but that's how it is. here's why:pros:- interesting survivor mechanics- solid design and most things have a logical flow to them- diverse enough game modes (unlike most other games of this type)cons:- no tutorial game mode (or tooltips in-game). sorry community guide writers (you guys are awesome), but a game like this should have one by default- help section doesn't actually help much; the descriptions are quite bare; and there's missing content- building functionality essentials are 'missing'; by that i mean, they aren't in the help section- neutral npcs appear as enemies on the map- very repetitive events- i can hear the zombies, but i can't see them...in the day time**if you're one of 'those' people (and i can understand why)**- made in unity 3d <--- not a con in my books (even though i am a ue person)i'm not asking for someone to hold my hand here, but there is a difference between hand-holding, and giving players a handy-dandy, well-written reference.
i don't really remember how i got this game.i'm going to assume it was gifted to me...or maybe i got it cheap...maybe, i don't know.so, seeing as i miraculously own this game, i thought 'ok, might as well try it out, huh?'. i like zombie games since i see them as a form of stress relief (teaching = high stress). but this adds to my stress levels - the exact opposite of what i wanted.pros:it's a top-down shooter (don't see too many of those nowadays)zombiessorta-kinda worksyou can uninstall it with no problemscons:too many to list down
peice of ♥♥♥♥ not work
♥♥♥♥♥est game ever do not play
crap
fkn ♥♥♥♥ g4me
i bought this game because it looked like a nice turn based stratergy rpg and because the game play looked fluid and smooth...but looks can be deceiving because it is really hard to get into it, and i find the gameplay is really difficult to enjoy properly.
muito mal otimizado
new patch nuff said
worst community ever. crap gameplay confusing item builds. guess thats why lol has more players.
just play bl2.
it's always game status is unavailable for me when i try to play co-op

having problems with loading game.
best gaim of 2016
dissapointed played a lot of offline so hours didn't count towards my over all but i have to say not impressed. i much prefer the ancient, medieval, europe, japan etc. it's cool for a niche but i didn't like the game overall personally i love the historicaless shoes of total war on your finger tips  to me that is more fantasy then warhammer. i'd rather play this type of "fantasy" else where on another series and strictly get my dose of history rewrite in total war because you can't get that sort of dose else where unlike warhammer.
ship sim
should be refundable for all. do not waste your money on this game
i got hacked and someone stole my key best 30 bucks spent ever. :(
stoped upodating and is boring
it gets really boring
can't recommend something you won't let me play anymore...
it's ♥♥♥♥.
i just don't enjoy it.
this game looks awesome, one problem, i had the lowest settings on, i mean the lowest of the lowest and i played offline and got 0.000001 fps!, would've loved this game, but oh well, couldn't even play it!
wtf it crashes when i open anything -_-
dissapointed cant even launch the game without it crashing i have met all the sys req and it wont work take my word dont by till they get a fix for this issue i will update my reveiw when this happens.
couldn't get into this game. played before it got on steam and it was honestly better back then. 4/10
bought it downloaded it and it says i need 64 bit windows, so i searched it up and it turns out there is no 32 bit version gg
fkn cant even last stand co op, fix ya ♥♥♥♥
good game, but very laggy with killin ♥♥♥♥
想玩一个游戏，必须经过各种恶心的连线才能玩一局，各种弹出桌面的，做杀手永远都没玩家来，还有有些会有严重的延迟，能晚上玩上一局能感谢上天了
除了那些因为测试中的bug不说，我连进入游戏查看延迟都不知道，服务器全部都写ping值满满。。。
server loading time is ♥♥♥♥ dont buy.\_(*^*)_/
♥♥♥♥ing garbage, ♥♥♥♥♥ made over 100m and cant even get to beta in 3 years
worst game
was a good game, then rip developers. do not download you will not be able to play :(
gay
♥♥♥♥ game doesnt even download.
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere
at the moment this game is quite ♥♥♥♥ as the servers are almost always down (due to the amount of players wanting to play) but playing it was quite enjoyable for the short amount of time i played it. it is a good idea to stay away from this game unless you like playing it or like seeing a game progress and evolve from a beta piece of crap into a lovely butterfly xd.
무료였다가 유료된게임 망겜 수듄
그냥 귀여운것만 보는 게임인것같다.시점변환이 좀 자유로웠으면 그나마 나을텐데..
comp community is such a sad place, i got kicked for using a shotgun
everyone is op .... imma play league of legends
pay2day: global offensive
this game....how do i put it...its like what you would expect a 3d browser game made on adboe shockwave to be like.there's nothing here....its not worth it, even if it was free.
first i'll list my problems with this game:- theres no ingame tutorial. i didn't know what to do with myself when i first played this. it should be explaining as you go what to do and how to do it. instead it gives you the option to pause the game and watch some 20 minute videos on the steam forums. that is so stupid. just explain to me what to do when i'm playing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing.- there is really nothing to do. you can build massive ships and some pretty cool stuff but what after that? just fly around aimlessly. - the controls are so bad it isnt funny. you press t to interact with objects, to press buttons, get in ships etc, why?t is all the over the other side of the keyboard why would they make one of the most used actions in the game in such an awkward spot. there is 2 jump buttons for some reason, space and f. why did f have to be a jump button? why not get rid of that stupid t and replace it with f, and just leave space to jump?and guess what, you can't change the controls.- when flying ships, up is up and down is down. this takes a while to get used to, especially when you've played alot of other flight simulators, where up is down and down is up. to make it even worse, theres no invert look option solely for ships. you can either have it on or off, meaning looking will be inverted when you're on foot to.- everything is so slippery. you have a jetpack, and its so awkward to manouver yourself. moving forward makes you tip to the side and flip upside down, while the camera gets stuck and you cant see what youre doing!- the ships arent very clear on how to operate them / interact with them. you see a massive yellow circle sort of thing attached to the bottom of it, so it only makes sense to try and enter the ship that way. no, you have to go over to the dull grey cockpit with no obvious markings to show you enter there.and that concludes my review. its boring, no tutorial and the most pathetic controls i've ever seen.
the game is just....bah.one of my major problems with this game is the fact that you walk sooooo slowly. they give you big forest but expect you to take 6 hours to get around. the headbob gives me a headache, and there is no option to reduce it or turn it off. what were they thinking.who shakes that much when you are walking so slowly anyway?the game is pretty scary, but slenderman doesn't really jump out at you much, he sort of just watches you. well, that is only in the first couple of episodes, before i had to take a break and rest my eyes.just, don't buy this game.
at first it was good, but now it giving me a bunch of 300 ping servers. where the f**k are the australian servers going in less then 2 days!?
♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥
am i seriously missing something here?i'm not having a whole ton of fun with game. tons of bugs and glitches everywhere, really bad performance issues. there is no tutorial or anything to help you, well you wont really need any help because all your gonna be doing through the whole game is picking up keys and unlocking doors!!!!! where is the variety guys? c'mon....the maps are decent but not too special, and how come being a monster just really sucks!?! you would think that you would feel pretty cool being a monster but in this game you feel so cheap and pathetic. i was hoping you could do many cool things as a monster like trigger things, make people hallucinate and like fly around and drop in right behind a dude and scare the living daylights out of him. but no! you can't do that, well atleast from my playthroughs i couldn't. as a monster in this game, you run around the area searching for people for hours and hours and hitting them then in one hit, they're dead. very misleading... i wasn't frightened one bit in this game, the only thing i could say that scared me much was the freaking music that plays when a person is running away from you while your the monster, it just suddenly pops in, scaring the bajeezus outta you. but one poor decision that i hate in this game is that when your the lurker, you can't see anybody until you manifest. i find it very stupid but some people might disagree with me. only my opinionall i can say left about this game is that the premise of it sounds incredible but the dev's executed it poorly. i know it's in a earlier stage of development but still feels like a very very earlier version of the game that the dev's should only have. please developers listen out!!! sorry for being harsh but please change some of these decisions that you've made, it would definitely change my thoughts about this a lot. wait people, till these get fixed, i just can't recommend just yet.
chiken
i... i just don't anymore... d:what has this world come to?
este jogo parece ser legal no começo,mas depois que voce joga percebe que é muito sem graça o jogo. não funciona em notebooks com intel(r) graphics. e é muito dificil achar um jogo multiplayer que tenha brasileiros.
doesnt work for me used to work about a year ago now it says i have a pirated copy even though i bought it with a disc do not but this game it is broken
it's been almost a year now since it has been released and the game is not yet optimized. still there are fps lags but it can be tolerated. it's quite fun when you're playing with friends, but that's about it. what's really annoying is when you need to find another server to play and right when you join, your character resets to a fresh spawn. zombies can walk through walls with holes smaller than them. at the moment, i would not recommend this game due to many bugs and glitches.
this game no longer has its own feeling. i had played the original ace of spades and it was an amazing game, it was unique and had almost a nostalgic feel to it. now the game lacks in players and is no longer as fun. i would pay to play the older game!
i dont recomend this game at the moment because of alot of reasons i think you are better of waiting until it is out of early access.
this has potential to be a good game. at the moment it is boring and repeatitive after a few hours of gameplay. also the fact that there are 3 different classes all with different gameplay make for a long grind to get better weapons. good use of vechiles though
i opened the game and pressed tutorial missions and they won't load beacuse the were created in a new version of the game even though i just downloaded it. it runs really badly on my computer with a 970, 16gb ram, 3.5ghz i5 procceser and the graphics look terrrible.
i do not reccomend this game unless you are buying it on sale for less than $10. good things>customizable clothes and shields>fun gameplay mechanicsbad things>terrible graphics>you have to buy in game hats with real life money. wtf?? i already i bought the game i don't want to pay for hats>you can buy in game weapons with real money. unfair advantage>dlc is just a reskinned version of the orginal gameso this game is not worth the full price. only buy it if it is on sale.
even though the several ad-ons to this game is very genious, but when i get stuck into the game it crashes i recomend if you want to play this game without constant crashing, i recomend you stick to cities xl platinum, even though platinum crashed for some, it never happened to me.
<play> searching for session...<play> searching for session...<play> searching for session...<play> searching for session...<play> searching for session...
tf2 & cod made a zombie baby!& it's an ugly baby
não gostei, esse jogo é bem entediante.
o jogo é bom, tem ótimos gráficos, é realista, o que acabou com o jogo, foi o esquema de ter que pagar para criar uma sala no modo multiplayer, se o jogo é free-play, é free-play (avá), não pode ter tanta limitação. resumindo : não gostei.
o jogo não me agradou, não gostei.
after playing 0.1 hour, i feel like i've seen enough of the game's p2w style structure that other's speak of. i'm amazed that a character can be unlocked for a single game, a day or a week (with less ability to do the latter). inventive for taking the dark theme to a moba, but beyond that, disappointing.
biggest ripoff ive witnessed
picture minecraft + dayz with ugly graphics and horrible online play
sold some great csgo skins for this and i cant say im not dissapointed. ill never have those skins back and im left with trash
its s h i t
this game is mission madness boys
it was quite laggy
pay 2 win and game gets very boring very quickly
spawned in, looked at the jagged, glitchy terrain in sub-30fps, quit, got a refund.i've got a gtx760, so i wasn't expecting great performance, but a working game would have been nice.
terrilbe game 10/10 would play all day lel :) not really it sucks
no lo recomiendo lo juge 1 vez y me cracheo el pc (y mi pc no es malo)
my favourite game for 4 years got an 'update'.guess i'll go try overwatch now.
██████▄░░░░▄▄██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█ ▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█ ▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████▀▀█░░░░░██████▀░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀don't buy this game !!!when i bought it, there was no recomendations in steam. it gives you 2 copies of the game, so you can send second one to your friend. there is no one at all these servers. most of servers are down. just, don't buy it...p.s. i want steam to remove this game from the store and give my money back.
5 minutes into the game.already kinda annoyed by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weird ♥♥♥ beatboxxing whenever anyone speaks.more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ beatboxxing.more ♥♥♥♥♥♥/boring gameplay.this is literally the only game ive installed to uninstall the next day.
doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work.
i paid $12 to write this review.
after playing this game for so long it pains me to write this review, however i feel that it is my duty to write this.1st point tf2 is becoming stale, the community is slowly dying as people find it harder and harder to enjoy the game caused from a miriad of reasons reason one: the game's deep class based gameplay is somewhat ruined by the people who play, eg: when you join a server and everyone is playing spy or heavy or whoever the point is that although there is 9 classes most of the time people will all gravitate to one class such as the spy or the engi or if the other team collectivlt becomes the antichrist and stacks pyro.reason 2 half of the servers are empty and 3 quarters are trade serversreason 3 tf2 has basicly become and economy of hats and wepons, this is good if you like buying things in the game rather than playing itreason 4 the smissmas update is a beta?!reason 5 some wepons or classes can be a pain at times 2nd point: a game can only last so long and im afraid that tf2 is on its last legs so enjoy the game while you can rip tf2 you hold a special place in my heartpre bumber cars 10/10 after smissmas 6/10
laggy
desbalanciado host ruim armas desbalanciada ao extremo atak de espada esta bugando
over rated game it suck wish i didn't buy it
played less then 2 hours of it and i have to say, the toturials are ♥♥♥♥, games play is so dry and boaring idd rather eat a soggy sao.
spent over 2 hours doing the mission to rescue emeric finaly got him and ran from the metal gear and the game tells me to run from it so i do and it leave the mission area setting me back alost 3 hours of game play. very poor checkpoint system and no save ruins the fun of the game. apart from that its great but setting me back that long is total bs.
after taking a break from it for 12 months come back to find that my account is inactive. ask to reset password... website has continual errors on the final stage... you would think a game being sold on steam would let u play strait away but nope ..... the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at ubisoft have there own system and it doesnt work. so good luck if u forget your pass word becuase u just lost your game.
no single player and not enough official low rank servers.
first experience. log on try to join server and it says "snapshot 16" and it wont connect to servers. i followed some basic steps to fix this (basicly u have to run the game as it not intended) ran it in "no sky effects" mode and it worked fine for 2 hours. just started to play with some friendly people and enjoying the crafting system then game crashed.... tada game is now completely unplayable. now connection errors and wouldnt let me connect to the server no matter what i tried. not to mention the poor design of the server lists and the fact that u cant find the last server you were on so u dont lose everything. basicly i found the game far to full of bugs and errors that the devs seem to ignore but make the game unplayable. $30 is far to steep for a game that should be sold for $10.
ok game but not worth $15 in my opinion. get this game when its on sale or from a discount website.
this game was onistly very very bad i like crysis 2 and 3 but this one was i am just going to say it ♥♥♥♥ it crashed a lot it inpossible to win because every 5 minutes a helicopter would show up the tank battles where ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you would shot one tank it would take one hit then the next tank 10 hits and then you run out of ammo and it is still not destroyed so it was not aavery good game. p.s. do not buy this game it is a waste of money and time.
i will preface this review by stating that this is not a bad game. it is not a bad game. in fact, this game is amazing, and if you have never played heroes before this game is my suggestion as to where you should start the journey. the reason for my down vote is simply because i paid $17 for nostalgia and that's pretty much it. granted the graphics are better, but they weren't ever truly terrible for what the game was, and i feel overall not much else was done for it. it does not include all content which only adds to further disappointment and unless you're playing against people of your skill level, multiplayer is a joke (if it even works). the only solution i can see to correct this problem is to release the other 50% of the game (yes, the additional content accounted for pretty much 50% of the game) for free to those who have currently purchased the game and to add the random map generation.whilst i still enjoy playing the game it's disappointing to know how unfinished this rerelease is, especially when it is an obvious cash-grab rereleasing a game for today's desktops.
unfortunetly, every time i go to do something on this game/behind the scenes. it always sends me staright to the review sectionand it never lets me go anywhere from there. it's a real shame because im a big fan of portal 2, and i was very interested, but it may not work for some users i supose. :(
españolfuera de la lentitud y etc que me causa la internet, tiene mecanicas que si bien son realistas no te ayudan en nada ponerlas en un juego asi.la fuerza que se genera al moverte no es igualitaria a la velocidad a la que uno va, la camara es un default horrible que no se gasta siquiera en seguirte la mira, el juego (para mi) es muy lento en cuanto ataque y conquista (y si bien esta leveleado) la minima diferencia entre mejoras de naves y etc no te deja tener ni igualdad ni ventaja dentro de una partida. el juego esta pesimamente llevado a cabo.  se nota que es una muy buena idea pero le metieron mil cosas que no lo ayudan en nada, esta mal hecho el sistema de pre carga y para colmo los precios son excesivos en cuanto a las recompensas que el juego ofrece por mision/ logro.iigualmente es mi opinion.repito hoy me funcionó mal y cuando me funcionó se me hizo imposible ignorar todo esto que dije. entre ayer y hoy juge minimo 4 partidas (completas como incompletas) y me fue suficiente como para saber que este juego no es para mi
this game sucks ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
i haven't played enough to judge...
i bought this game hoping to play it with my girlfriend and unfortunately it isnt compatible with my good pc because it has a 32 bit operating system
фотоальбом 1080рпросмотр фотоальбома разработчика за наши деньги... мы платим за то что ещё и смотрим. это как в контакте только платно и не понятно что... за это мы больше ущерба получаем... нам должны платить за подобное ;-)b ещё на 27.02.2016 этой "игрой" владеют примерно 45000 пользователей steam.из них за всё время существования игры сыграло примерно 60%  (27000) в это чудо. видать остальные 40% прочитав отзывы решили не играть.стандартная цена: $0.99
провайдер отключил интернет на 5 мин? не беда получи бан в соревновательном режиме на 7 дней ;-)попали к полякам? получите моральный ущерб на пару миллионов за который вам не заплатят. но его вам ещё увеличат, выгнав вас из игры и вы снова получите бан на 7 дней. ведь это поляки они тупы и всех русских курвами называют.
eh
not as good as i expected it surely is not my favourite game do not ever get this game it is actually horrible
this game is so trippy and frustrating it makes me want to hurl and have a seizure
way too complicated, this game is only for smartasses that dont have lives,
the game its self is great but the main and only issue i have is that there are no australian servers. finding a match isnt hard but staying in the match is what the problem is. i will keep on playing and hoping this issue gets resolved but until then if your australian and have good or bad net you will have the same issues.
the graphics are really good, but the gameplay and the fighing style, i dont like also there is no options to change grahics setting, like resolution and you have to play on small screen.
well the game was[/u] good. and then they gone and done messed up with this stupid update, turning the game into a crappy pay 2 win [pay2day]. not only have they made it possible to boost guns if you buy them, they've turned the entire game into an economy, similar to cs:go and tf2. not only does this detract from the game it makes the game less about excellent gameplay, team-spirited heists and challenging missions, and more about some skins wish truthfully look quite crap. ordinarily i would recommend this game to anyone, and i have on several occasions, but now you gone and done messed up. devs have gotten far too greedy, first with 30 freakin dlc's and now with bloody micro transactions inserted in the game. not only have the dlc's progressively gotten worse and made the game less about cohesion and more about $$$, we have micro-transactions for greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s can get more cash in their pockets. well you can f*k right off
r00d/10 h9 tis g4m3
>downloads game>enters the game>type in chat "hi">see's a guy with 500 games says "welcome to the game!">expected to see him in match im finding (considering there's 40 players online globally)>since he knows i'm new, i was expecting him to be more forgivable if i die 20 times.>insults me, and calls me a noob for actually being a newb.>defeated, 0/10, 6mins.tl;dr still in early access and there's already toxicity in the community, worse, the guy played 500 games. if you're already downloading this in your downloads, cancel immediately. if you've downloaded this, uninstall. lawl
only 12 year old ♥♥♥♥ play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jew game
most overhyped wasted of money.... car physics and driving are worse than a prostate exam from freddy krugerweapons are boringfeels like gta.....but much much worse.do not recommend at all
the game was good the first time i played it but i forgot about it for a while. bout a year later when i went to play and reinstall it, the app kept crashing no matter what i did. even confirming the content never worked nor did the app ever fix. just so you know the app wouldnt open and then close: steam would begin the startup and crash it. there would be no homepage for the game or music, just the annoying box that said the app crashed. when i would search online there would be no browser open to fix it. either my computer is stupid as all hell or it is just a broken game.
read the negative reviews decided to buy the game still. really enjoyed it at the start until, the sudden realistation hits you that 'there really is nothing else todo in this game but grind resources'.i had hope though that the center of the galaxy would bring something promising, it didn't. yet another disappointment. i would only buy this game when it is atleast 50-75% off. pros:  - steam refunding my moneycons:   - everything else that was promised and wasn't delivered.
while yes i enjoyed playing this game i found that the lack of a simple save button was annoying, and sometimes my save file was deleted for some reason, i didn't really know why, which is less then helpful. it was fun at some points and very zelda esque which is a really nice touch with the pieces of heart and the treasure after a boss, though i still found that my save file being deleted was way too big of a set-back so i can't really recommend it, though if you happen to pick it up you will atleast enjoy it.
this game actually ruined my life
game sucks big balls
it's shieeet
very boring & repetitive
its a good classic but part of doesnt want to come back to the game unless a friend and imight go for a round. but unless with maybe a couple of mods it gets a bit dull.
it stops working when the shift=tab thing comes on
downloaded game into steam, played for 40 hours total. game disapeared from computer. redownloaded, played for a while, game disapeared again. as someone with a download cap and 2 other gamers in the house, was. not. impressed.
advantages:stunning graphics.(60 fps)nice voices (except englishinteresting story.cool battle scene.disadvantages:dlc doesn't work.my background is black and the developers can't solve it.simply keep crashing.rip my computer.all the instructions in the game is in controller symbols, not keyboard. their chest doesn't move horrible english voice, didn't show a single enthusiasm.conclusion:i really want to recommand this game,but for now, this game+dlc doesn't worth the price as there are too many bugs, errors, crashes.
why you should buy this game:1)...2)...3)...why you shouldn't buy this game1) everything 2) everything!3) mother of god everything!!!
worst game iv ever played. seriously horrible boring gameplay id rather ♥♥♥♥ a dog
10/10 gr8 uninstallgo find the old version online.
used to be good now is trash
doesn't have enough fnaf.got bored
great game but every time i play the game about 30 minutes- 1hr it crashes without a error message then it starts to load again but it doesnt load fully so i have to close it and re open it. it looses all my saves that i made and dosent give me my xp that i made. there is no point for me to play it as it does not work i thought it was a gonna be a great game and would spend lots of time on it but it doesnt work
buggy as ♥♥♥♥. good luck getting it work if you use amd gear.seems to be running on my nvidia laptop though.needs to be patched
cant even get the game to run
it won't patch is this happening for anyone else :(
schlechtes spiel
not my type of game
this game is literally the worst thing ever 0/10 ign
too many hackers
free is too expensive for this game. hell, i probably wouldn't even play it again if i was payed. i've played this game for about thirty minutes. that was all i needed.
dayz poemin 1984 this ♥♥♥♥ game came to war.where bandits kill, and the heroes willwill be passed to mr paul. he started to like.but coudnt find a bike. he ran around, running for his life.zombies were dating, people were waiting,but mr paul... still hating.....
this game is a disgrace to the sacred name. what have they done?  this game is absolute trash. no loot , no armour pick ups or anykind of weapon pickups. the game is so linear and small its like im playing in world the size of a shoe box.  my heart bleeds for this has ruined a great franchise. r. i. p. sacred
adkxdfgva
im very impressed with the short time it takes for overkill to murder a brilliant game... pay2win not pay2day
if you don't have a great pc, don't bother. this has to be the most poorly optimized game i have ever played. my computer, while a piece of ♥♥♥♥, can run killing floor 2 (same engine as this game) on minimum settings at 60fps. this game however looks like a toddler made an island out of clay, took a picture of it, blurred it, pixellated it, blurred it again, then ran it at 10fps.
not good for me
shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame shame
only for if you want to be angry as f***
worst game ever made would rather play sonic '06 than this ♥♥♥♥
how to enjoy ace of spades1.join game2.kill someone3.get kicked4.go to steam library5.right click ace of spades 6.delete local contentthis game ruined the original
waste of money, it's more entertaining to watch playthroughs on youtube to be honest.
vac banned for nothing.
dont buy this not worth your money
its suck not worth your money find a desent indie game that is alot of fun
lags alot
i tried to join with a new username and every time it kept saying: mismatched username or password. everytime, i tried different usernames but it still didnt work!
decent motorbike game but a ridiculous exercise in fustration. honestly, ♥♥♥♥ uplay. game is currently covered in ads for dlc not avaliable through steam. very aggrivating.
80% religious propaganda, 20% achievement hunter bait. 100% unorigional.
this game is poorly designed, so much so that i finished the first level by literally just holding left, and pressing the lump button twice. no skill is needed for that, but to even attempt the game normally, you need to have the most precise movements to land where you want to, but the problem with that is its almost impossible to move one or two steps to the left, without careening too far off the ledge and having to try and get on the right spot again. game is simply waaaaay to fast, level design and gameplay looks like my old project from my grade 11 game design course, in other words, so basic, bland and generic that all you have to do is change the sprite of the main character and you can make the game anything you wish, and nobody would care. absolutely horrifying, and would never recommend buying this game, even for 20 cents.
telltale's "the walking dead" suffers from the same weakness that most other games made by telltale suffer: it's linear, and somewhat boring. the walking dead is set in a world cursed by the demons, "screen tearing" and "poor fps", in one of the several universes of this franchise. despite how good this game looks, it is surprisingly linear: your making a decision, be it good or evil - kill sally lou, or leave her be - has no meaning: for if you decide to go for the good option, someone else in the group will do whatever they need to do to make sure that the bad option is undergone shortly before chastising you for being a ♥♥♥♥♥-less ♥♥♥♥ - or on the other end, where you'll choose the evil option, the exact same person from scenario 1 will chastise you for being a pussly-less, murdering ♥♥♥♥.the game tries to sell itself by facading as a "choose your own adventure game", when what's really offered is more along the lines of "choose what you want to say to (x) to make them feel gooey inside, or tell them that you don't like them as a person, but offer them a lolipop so they feel all gooey inside about being hated by the one black-man to survive the apocalypse.ultimately, this game lies to your face: it hints that it has tonnes of replay value, when in reality, it does nothing to draw you into the game after buying it - you'd get a better service for your dollar by hiring a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and asking her to hug you for half of her purchased hour, and asking her to leave shortly thereafter.if this review seems long, then that is because i'm an angry australian ♥♥♥♥ who can't quite be ♥♥♥♥ed to reread his writing, but just isn't lazy enough to leave this game review-less.overall score: 3/10 - would bang again.
honestly an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game unless you can wait for it to work. this game kicks you straight in the balls as soon as you start playing by making it a requirement to buy half-life 2 (both the first and the two episodes) as well as counterstrike to run any map. you'll begin to find "user made content" which is the only thing actually holding this game up - albeit barely. though majority of the time you're going to have to restart the game to use them if they were downloaded mid-game - but don't get me wrong. they are pretty good. what you're going to find with the game itself, is that opening a map is going to take anywhere from 2-30 minutes - though you (the reader, don't get technical with me about this - i'll cut you -) may not experience this. this game is also prone to multiple crashes while playing, this can be anything from a minor annoyance, to a complete game-boner-killer. these crashes are not one-off occurances though, they are actually rather common. if you are like... well, any one else, then you'll sit back, maybe twiddle your thumbs for a while, and wait in complete, awe-inspiring boredom as nothing happens, all in the vein hope that maybe, "it's different this time, it won't crash!" though, just like new vegas, the game is going to laugh as you sit there, like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot waiting for some miracle that will make your game work.but hey, that's just my experience. if you still think that buying this game is a good idea, go ahead and buy it. if not, then i am sorry that you had to hear from me how ♥♥♥♥ this game is.yours sincerely, narasha - the bane of games
 this game is a joke. warface is a try-hard, want to be call of duty with clunky, awful gameplay whilst trying (and failing) to implement tactical features and functions. warface also has one of the worst pay-2-win systems i have ever experienced and actually makes me cringe to the core. there is an in-depth review below but the bottom line is; don't play it. in-depth review  gameplay like i said above, the gameplay is clunky and doesn't "flow" well. i often find that sprinting makes my screen clanky and jagged and when i shoot my weapon it seems too.....rough? pardon my low-effecient vocabulary. tactical play (with some community banter) one of the tactical features in warface is to help one of your poor-tasted buddies onto a higher ledge and vice versa. i don't think the devs knew how sh*t their games community was going to be (hint: it's very similiar to cod, maybe even worse) these features seem tacky and useless, used just to add some "innovation" to their game. pay-2-win never in my life have i played a game where i have to rent an ingame gun and not have the choice to keep it permanently, despite all those hard-earned game duckets i spent on it. note: i haven't played that much of the game and do not have a full understanding of the market system. ez game ez life i'm really bad at call of duty, like awful, so i assumed that i would be bad at this also, that was until i went on a 15 kill streak in my first game. i know the majority of fps is all just "point-n-shoot" but come on fam, this is too easy! theres next to no recoil control or bullet drop, you can kill some nerd across the map with a couple of well placed bullets from the standard, beginner assault rifle and the slide feature allows any skirken to slide inbetween my legs and topple me even if he has awful aim no south-pacific regional servers wtf!?!?! crytek seems to think the world is a weird, pacman sort of shape because they apparently don't know new zealand, australia, fiji, tonga, samoa etc exist because they didn't create any f*cking dedicated servers for them, this is a personal issue but it should be resolved regardless of how bad the rest of the game is. the wrap-up game is bad, play blacklight instead (that game is rad)
how about a map, friend? couldnt play more than 5 minutes
really, really hard but it is possible to finish
it is less a video game and more art, that said it shows how beautiful a game could be with both picture and sound. no guidance to guide you and nothing to do just walk around and enjoy the sights and sounds. worth it if bought in a bundle and not bought on its own.
the most unfinished, unballenced, glitchiest game since battlefield 4. when they say "early access" they litterally mean that jack ♥♥♥♥ works. i spent two hours grinding for wood, built a log cabin and was about to place the final two blocks of the ninety required, and suddenly some mutants randomly spawned infront of me, killing me instantly.overall i would rate this game a 2/10 the only reason its two and not motherf*cking 0, is that it lets you slap mutants with their own f*cking arms.this game is not worth $14.99 in its current stage and should not be on steam. in my opinion this early access game realease  is comparable to the release of "the war z" or "infestation: survivor stories" as it was renamed.the developers of both these games should have thought long and hard before releasing such a sh*tty unfinished game onto steam, and valve themselves should be ashamed to have this in their library.to sum up this review, you should seriously do some solid research before purchasing this. at the time i purchased it you could not even save the game, which was not clearly stated anywhere on the store page and was clearly a gigantic flaw. i realise this has now been adressed and in future perhaps the many flaws in this game will be, however in its current state it is unplayable unless all you wish to do is slash mutants appart and build trophies out of there body parts, or atttempt to go swimming and end up flying above the entire map (because f*ck logic). this game was advertised as a realistic survival game. im not sure about you, but i dont consider walking over a rock and suddenly falling to the ground dead realistic, however if thats what floats your boat i suppose this game would be an excelent buy.
single player moder : hackeronline hacker : not hacker ???
아니무슨 눈깔장애도아니고200미터 근쳐도 보일랑말랑하고 무슨 시력이 0.5이하가되는 사람을모아다가 군대를만들어놨나 눈깔이꼬져가지고 망원경이나 조준경을사용해야 잘보이네
don't waste your time on this. heavily pay to win. the pve is boring and repetitive. the pvp isn't balanced due to overpowered classes as well as dumb game mechanics and a lot of unfixed bugs. it may be fun at first but it eventually becomes very stale. it was a good game a few years ago. it is a terrible game now.
stick to the mobile version, or play it on a mac if you own one becasue that's the only way to access the dlc (the best part of the game and the only source of longevity past 6hrs). i wish i could've refunded back when i bought it but instead i just bought it through bluestacks. you're way better off playing this on any platform other than steam/pc.
good game, but prone to crashes, even on my powerful gaming pc.excellent shooter but buggy as.
my computer is more than capable of running this game yet i am faced with low fps.i can hardly get the game open let alone play it, this is a disgrace.i would not reccomend this game as for bugs like this.
will stick to nfs and dirt sadly.edit: first game ive ever requested a refund on...
i loved the 2nd serious sam but this really didnt do it for me.
my reveiw for "heros & generals on ice" the movement in-game feels like the character is on ice. even though the game was patched to change it it still feels like my character slides and floats after i jump. feels too much like a pay to win. 10/10 would slide
played without god mode for 5 mins then got killed by a frostbite spider cause i was 152342 kgs over weight
huge grind, you get destroyed by upgraded weapons (which can indirectly be bought with real money). great potential that it simply does not live up to.
made with potatoengine 2.
启动器卡死，全屏卡死，莫名卡死。。。
僵尸联机连续丢失主机只有我一个人么..
never ever play this ♥♥♥♥in shiity game ever.
this was the best game but now its ♥♥♥♥
i got vac'd because my brother was on here hacking for ♥♥♥♥ sake
nope.
this game is basically a screensaver you can explore. no goals. no nothing.
you need a ♥♥♥♥ing god of a computer to play this
this game is not ready to be played. i can't get past the tutorial because the game mechanics are basically broken.do not buy this game it is broken and not ready to be playedif you are interested wait until it hits beta before you even consider buying it.you are basically a cyborg that being hunted by other robots that are huntin you and all you have to do is survive. but it is really hard when you cant even jump with the broken mechanics.do not buy
i have counter-strike but no textures work biggest piece of ♥♥♥♥ game out there
hey, that's pretty good
i don't understand how i even play the game. the music nearly gave me epilepsy and the community only spam crap in chat. i do not recommend this game!!!
♥♥♥♥ing fix ur game. it could be the best, shiiiiiiiiiit.
thanks for the free hat
what at first seems like a combination of minecraft,battlefield and tf2 ends up being a really,really bad game.let's start with the classes,or better said: the class.90% of the players in every server will be the sniper,why? easy to control,fast,moderate health,long distance attacks and most of the time 1-2 shots kill,that being said,most of the servers will be about snipers trying to camp outside of the enemy base before the others,and after that,the next 20 minutes of the game are about snipers spawn-camping.what else? lag,lots of. in games like cs go i usually get 90 ping,but in every server in aos i'll probably get 120 if lucky.conclusion: don't buy this game unless you have friends to play,if that's the case,you can get about 3 hours of fun from this game. 3.5/10
theres an old saying by xxx_d4nkm4st3r_xxx any game with no trickshots sucks. and hes right, whers the trickshoters and noscopers. incredibly dissapointing. if your looking for a game where you can yell at kids "you ♥♥♥♥ed their mum so hard they ♥♥♥," this is not the right choice.
diverse,creative world. top it off with amazing gameplay and high amount of quest. bethesda games cease to amaze its fan with products that continue to please them for many years. skyrim, unlike any other rpg's dedicate themselves into the finest detail from the gameplay to graphics to the point of perfection. 0/10 you can't modify the sky in skyrim
10/10. not enough garrys
do not recommend it, cuz i've been playing this competetive match for about 5 weeks now and it gave me f8cking 1 week, thank you for whoever built this game, i hope you fix this bugs and i hope you fix your competetive cooldown for the sake of the players.
got a purple screen from installing. doesnt work for me. tried everything possible to fix it but didnt work. dont buy this crappy game!!!!!!!!
well, bought the game. played it. uninstalled it. tryed to reinstall it. i need to buy it again!!! wtf steam
me parece aburrido y con una interfaz muy poco intuitiva,la mecanica de juego no me gusto nada
why is my game not working. i just paid $20 for this thing and it keeps trying to download framework 3.5 but just freezes at like 10%, when i pay money for a game i shouldnt have to do programming just to get it running... pathetic
i use a mac and all of the sprites were glitchy making the game virtually unplayable. however, that's just me, and i've heard that this game is a masterpeice, hence why i bought it. so just be aware that there are issues
magicka 2 won't even launch. after clicking play there is a black screen and the game quits almost immediately. can't rate if i can't play.
bg! last time i played i got matched up with trolling noobs who couldnt even troll good to make me laugh one bit. one guy was feeding and the other guy raged and dc'd i had a really bad game. the trolls were building wrong with support items like filling there whole slots with wards! thens when i swore to never play this game again because after that i had a full lose page. please nerf the match making system and maybe i can one day re-review this game and have a positive mind to it. bad game!
it really is a waste of money
this game hurts me it crashes when i am about to win
not worth a penny
more lag, game crash... not recommended at all
can multiplayer is lie. a big lie.
i wanted to give this game a thumbs up, i did.overkill botched that when they released microtransactions despite the fact they said they wouldn't... twice.
ai pathing is horrible! there's levels where they just stand at a wall and try to jump over. again with the ai they can see you though anything, even on easy they track you through smoke and corn fields. just because of this i didn't try multiplayer pros: guns feel amazing to shoot!! the gun noises are so smexy!
baaaaah!
i retract my last review and rant towards the game. this one is more to the non dedicated graphics cards. why are some games able to be run on intel cards whuile others can't. i'm keeping this review as a no but if you have dedicated graphic cards then i recomend it from what i've played so far.
seriously? making us pay for the things that come futomaticly with the ios version of the game is just a giant kick in the area where the sun dont shine. i recomend that you just the the ios version so you dont need to pay even more.
i do not recommend this game when i was banned for no reason at all.
do not get fooled by my gameplay, the game is now p2w after g1 bought it p2w= pay to win. if you like p2w games then this game is for you.
patching took ages and stuffed up, and made it look like i played it more than i did.
killing floor, with dinosaurs and bad animations.
needs admin privileges that it simply doesn't need, and doesn't run on linux...
too many bans and trading security :i
this game is so bad i have seen a 5 min game better then everything  in this game and with the hulk typed zombie the game just got worse and the new 3.0 inventory is so bad it copys off dayz the dlc is not worth 5 dollars idk why everyone thinks its a good game when really its not
this game was great. look at my playtime. that is how long it took me to complete the game. do i need to say anymore?
don't get me wrong. 7 days to die is fun, however i found it got boring really quickly. maybe in the future when there are more features it will improve. i'm also not a fan of the graphics.
story:idekgameplay:tsm should win worldsvisuals:♥♥♥♥ graphicsi rate 10/100
the guys at bandai are just screwing with people, this game should be removed until an updated version is released equally to it's console counter-parts. those ****s gave us the psv version and not the ps4 version with updated graphics and online coop.
ok for those who don't know garrys mod is a sandbox. a game where you can make anything and everything (apparetly) ok what about if im not that inventive. well we have steam workshop support. well whats on the workshop you may ask.well theys pretty much anything you can inmagine. ok well i want a giant flying naked woman.mmmmmm sorry don't have that. ok how bout a horse i can ride on. sorry don't have that either. fine how bout this map a server is running. sorry don't have that. so what else i can do. well theres multiplayer. ok? it hosts everysort of gametype you can think of. so i join a rp server and i find its filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥s breaking everyrule on the server from killing people to traping them and vehicles against walls and the admins are no where to be found. so i went stuff it and moved on to another rp server where it has a leveling system so i was in a stuation where im only level 3 when everyone else is level fifty billon or something just as bull ♥♥♥♥. so it ends up you emptying every single bullet in your gun and reserve and still not kill them yet you can't seam to take two rounds before dieing. the reason why leveling systems work in games say fallout its because its single player and the levels adjust for the diffculty. the reason why levels don't work with a multiplayer game such as gmod is because the maps are small and the low level players are stuck playing with high level scumbags and you end up in a situation where your trying to protect your home and you can't kill him because he has a health of one million(or something just as stupid) and you end up dieing to one or two hits so i went ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to it and i just played single player. it kept me busy for a bit but you end up with ♥♥♥♥ all to do. some might say im being to hard on it its just a ten doller game some might say im to hard to please and some of them can shut the ♥♥♥♥ up.
actual physical autismgame censors:homodumbshit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥itflamerdookiebumble♥♥♥♥mc♥♥♥♥♥♥mingevajayjayvjayjaytogorlesbianlesbolezzieand a lot more. 893 words total, see for your self. c:\program files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\szone-online\game\badwords.txt
please don't waste your valuable time in this game.
joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection. joining a game, lost connection...
disclaimer - this is written from a perspective of someone who played this game back in 2015i know that this is early access and i'm probably writing about an earlier version of the game. from my experience, it didn't forfill how i thought this game was going to be from the trailers and such. at the time of playing it, this game was riddled with bugs, its performance was absolute crap and i just didn't find myself giving the patience needed to really get into this game because i honestly didn't know where to start, and my friend wasn't very happy either with what i convinced him to buy with me.now i know alot of people will disagree, maybe i'm just getting boring as a person, i'm not sure.but my experience with this game just honestly didn't captivate me in time before i grew very bored of it.
nothing to do, can only play for a few hours before you get bored of the game completely.
do not buy, no one is ever online and you cant play with bots, repeat dont buy
yes its a great game and loads of people play it yet it gets old, i would not buy id
dont get this stupid ♥♥♥♥en game.. waste of your ♥♥♥♥en time!!!! match macking is worst then my dog takin a ♥♥♥♥. bunch of hacks and trearch doesnt do jack ♥♥♥♥ to help... dont buy this ♥♥♥♥en ♥♥♥♥ game
terrible
overkill: we won't do micro transactions, later micro transactions use to be a good game 0.1/10
crashing simulator 201510/10
its ♥♥♥♥
can i have my money back wont even let me play a game i paid for total rip off i demand my money back now
this is worse than balls
sucks!
boring...
i cant play multiplayer+when i registered it wont work for sure.please fix this problem
i want free ♥♥♥♥ing g1c now!
because i baught it and it just expired
i really liked the look of this game i was looking forward to playing with friends but when we got in the combat was uninteresting the story didnt really pull you in i liked the graphics the art style was nice but you cant make an amazing game with just a good art style if you are thinking about buying this give divnity original sin a look first its probably more what you want
this game is really bad the set up lvl is stupid. even after 10 mins i thiught that this game sucked. so, really, if you want to waste money than this is the game for you.
vicia, só depois que parei arrumei uma namorada.
8비트에 mmo에다가 상까지 받은 게임이지만,조작감이 뭔가 불편하고 영어에 익숙하지 않으면 쉽게 몰입 할 수 없습니다.솔직히 20분 가지고 무슨 평가냐  하실 지 모르겠지만, 그정도로 몰입하기가 좀 힘듭니다.
this game says its free but then it doesnt let me co-op with a mate without paying $35
gratuito, só que não... ;-;
i do not get it
nao gostei uma bosta
when i got this game, it looked as though it would be very fun, but as i started playing it, i found that it was quite boring, and the gameplay consisted of clicking people so they didn't die. at $20.00 i thought that this was a riduculous price for the game, which in all honesty, should really be a tablet game, the way you play it is just not good for a pc.
a "playable" game that descripes itself as a stealth game so shouldn't your be able to avoide the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat instead of locking the player in to it ever time someone hears the little green ♥♥♥♥ farts. 4/10 a better buy would be dishonored or its dlc
i would like to start this review with a disclaimer. this is one of the best shooters i've played in a very long time. i couldn't name for you the last time i had this much fun with a shooter. the gun-play is crisp and responsive, the level design is beautiful and intelligent and the refreshing return of objective based and team-play oriented combat gives every action you perform and kill you execute out feel meaningful to the overall outcome of the game. however...i cannot recommend this game in it's current form. this is almost entirely due to the business model of the game, for those unaware of it who don't want a long winded explanation i shall attempt to keep it brief. so you have 2 main aspects to the game's business model, cards/crates and mercs. the mercs are on a weekly rotation of 3 and week as of writing this review (this is already too little to have on rotation). the mercs all have differing play styles and unique personality however i believe that individual mercs are far too expensive. they can to anywhere from $10 to $15 at one point which is almost as much as you would have paid to get into the closed beta testing! the other aspect being the cards/cases is also rather unfair. each case contains a guaranteed card and costs 1,000 in-game cash. this is already pretty expensive. the credits are quite hard to earn and the cases will almost never yield a worthwhile card. something is to be said for the unavailability of credits as a real-money purchase (as of writing this review) but i would bet my bottom dollar that this is only temporary. it is also extremely expensive to trade up merc cards both in lower tier cards and in credits, making it an in-viable option by certain points in the game.  now i love splash damage and i believe they are an extremely tallented developer who put their hearts into projects. i loved enemy territory to bits, i thought brink was an extremely underrated game and i found the batman: arkham origins multiplier rather enjoyable (if a bit rushed) however consumers can not excuse a game of unfair business models with the defense of its game-play. the saddest thing about this is that i do not believe this is entirely splash damage's fault. instead i point a hesitant finger at nexon, the publishers of the title. do not forget, readers, that they might have a larger hand in this issue than you might think. so in summary? fix your business model, then we'll talk.
i have been playing this game for such a long time that i don't even remember when i started playing it, the game is fun and it is simple, 2d grafics, the soundtrack is great and the game has several different heroes to play it with all kinds of gameplays, the reason i chose this game was because my pc is quiet old and slow so i can't play games more sophisticated, but it has some serious issues, like lag and rage quit players that can't destroy the fun of playing it. the game doesn't have a official host so players must host the matches and that is quiet terrible since some players don't have good conexions to host it. you can quit a match whenever you want without punishment which i think it is a problem that the creators must solve as fast as they can. i'll not recomend the game since those two issues are quiet bad for an online game. but if you don't mind for lag players or rage quit i can say for sure you will have some fun playing it.ps: sorry for my bad english.
deus esse jogo é ruim pra desgraçar pior que o governo do pt
não há jogadores nos servidores, ou voce joga com bot ou joga com bot, absolutamente um lixo
no. don't even bother.
boring...
this game sucks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥s. its for faggs who suck at cod and get quickscoped by me and my faze clan buddies. if you play this game that means you are a optic fan n3rd and need to go get some std's and jump off your moms belly. make sure to subscribe to my yuotube channel at    http://www.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.com/
quand adquiri es cúuu pinsei q u graficu ia se bunitu, oirem é um grandi lixu ♥♥♥ grafico feioum cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
jogo lixo, espera pela presença do homem aranha, do venom, captão america e nada né...... não vai se ♥♥♥♥♥ tambem #chateada
this game doesn't have a tutorial so it kinda renders it unplayablealso, theres no objective presented to you
i was really keen on playing this game, i couldn't wait to give it a go! it has a really unique atmospher to it, the story and character designs are beautiful and the part i love most is how it also educates you with alaska native stories, which relate to what part you're playing in never alone, the more you progress through it, the more interesting cultural insights you unlock! you don't see much games like this, which is why it's pretty sweet to play something different.but unfortunately, to me, it has more negatives than positives such as having unresponsive controls, which is absolutely frustrating to deal with since you have to switch between two different characters fairly quickly at most parts. when one of them has been attacked, you instantly die - it'd be nice if you had a chance to at least get back up and try again instead of just dying and going straight to the last checkpoint (this annoys me a lot mostly because having pretty unresponsive controls and constantly dying in one hit tends to result in repeating that certain part a few times). controlling the bola can be difficult because it doesn't aim properly most of the time, you have to click the right spot for it to not bug up the aim; speaking of bugging up the aim, there's a fair amount of bugs in this game that definitely need to be fixed, the game bugged a few times for me when i jumped onto the ground or onto a wall then suddenly died or became glitched in a spot (using the artic fox, unsure about nuna though).probably playing local co-op would be best.(sorry if i didn't word this review properly, it was hard to put in words)
this game is just downright terrible, they changed the name from war z to "investation: survival stories", nice trick. it is buggy as all hell and there is barely anyone playing. you may buy some ammo for $5 real money then get chomped on by a zombie,losing everything. ok that happens in other games but in other games you can retrieve those items, not in this one. it is boring the audio is ♥♥♥♥ and there is no premiss or fun. this game gets a 2/10.......hang on....thats to nice.......it gets a 1/10 thanks for reading and don't buy this game!!!!!
maybe if i don't finish this review i'll match the qua
needs uplay to be able to run the game and uplay has a connection error to their own servers so you cant redeem your game key to be able to play. do yourself a favor and pass this one up. ♥♥♥♥ uplay
the only reason that i got this is because i'm a diehard half-life fan. there is practically no reason to get this if you already have the original game. the only difference is the ragdoll and water effects, nothing more. also, there is an enormous amount of bugs and glitches in this game. and there is no modding support either. if you want to get a far better remake of the classic game, get black mesa. 
i payed 10 dollars for this junk???   i'm furious. the most sloppy crap game i've bought on steam. how many damn boxes and barrels are you going to put in one map by the way? is it against the law to be a little bit creative and make something fun?  i don't care what excuse the company has, not even if they're a charity. 10 dollars for the occasional  "oh yeah that's different" is bullcrap.  how can the physics be so off for a source engine game? what excuse does this game have when monsters you just kill start floating off into the horizon??? even quake 1 doesn't have that probelm!even when they get off their ♥♥♥ and add the xen chapter, it'll still suck. half life 2 should be the one that is 10 dollars, and this piece of .... should be free.
absolutely horrible. relies on a dos emulator which crashes constantly. i've had to fiddle with my graphics drivers and everything to get this piece of crap to work.  i got excited when i finally got to complete 'lara's home' without crashing to desktop.  then i enter the first level and lara looks up then bang   a big picture of lara's face comes up and my computer crashes.  the crash also flipped my computers screen upside down, and set it to the lowest resolution.get a playstation 1 and get the proper thing i say.
pay to win as ♥♥♥♥.
not good. i went into this game thinking it to be good, well, i was very wrong. the combat is horrible and theres no servers with good connection. there were some good ideas in this game, like the visor toggle and the emblem customiser, but they're 2 little goods in a game with so many bads.wasted my time and money on this one.1/10
es una ♥♥♥♥♥♥
a bland and boring "game" made by an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ called phil fish (look him up)it looks good, but good graphics isn't a substitute for bad gameplay.the puzzles and worlds are overly simple to solve/navigate and the only mechanic gets boring to use after an hour.don't trust all the big review sites like ign and don't spend money on this boring "experience", buy a dvd on paint drying in slow motion(more interesting than fez will ever be) it's not worth buying this game for the full price or discounted in steam sales.
i weep for all the people who were mislead in trailers. of all the games people could have gotten on steam, they were unlucky enough to buy this trainwreck, don not buy at all costs!
do not buy this game.i repeat do not waste money on this terrible game.worst game i have ever payed for.try the demo before paying for this game
do not buy this piece of ♥♥♥♥ game, i was looking forward to buying this game as i was watching streamers play this game and i thought to myself, "wow this looks like a great game to play.". not the case, there is no resolution that fits my computer, everything is still blurry even though i adjusted my settings to high and didn't move for 5 min and i was shot dead. this game is utter trash, before buying this game i thought "i'll experience the game myself". don't. listen to these people and do not buy this ♥♥♥♥ game, i would like a refund.
♥♥♥♥ this game, too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the game that punishes good players and rewards ♥♥♥♥ cunts.
by far the worst cod so far. this game is a huge dissapointment, i was banned for using a programme to change your fov because at the time the game didn't even have an option to change the fov. so after i get it they say it is allowed to be used and for awhile the game was playable. but then they changed there minds and said that the fov changer was now banned and the only way you would have known that is if you followed them on twitter! the games has the worst optimization ever, it is basically a console port and stutters all over the place. 70% of the people that play are hackers so almost every game you get into there will most likely a hacker in it. don't buy this game.
this game would be amazing if it actually worked!!!!!!!!!!!
fun game but one massive problem.whenever  i go into a game, i get above and beyond 1500 ping!!!thats completely unacceptable.
after the most recent update to this game, every twenty minutes or so, the game just stops for no reason and i have to restart my computer.unacceptable.fix and i'll be happy.
looks very cool, but it would be nice if it actually worked.
this game is a laggy, confusing, pathetic excuse for a game.do not waste bandwidth or hard drive space on this game.it's not worth it
utter s.h.i.t of a game. poorly made. gun's recoil like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, hit counter is worthless, shot 5 round only 2 counted at point blank. its like play day of defeat; source. absolutly would not reccomend. wish i could get my money back. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game. bigest dissapoinment!!!!!!!!!!!!!! will never buy anything made by valve
feels the same as the first one
would recommend if you love updates that ruin the game complety and make the doors un-openable.it used to be good then it turned to ♥♥♥♥....
visually stunning and interesting of course, but that can only carry a game so far, exploring becomes tedious and dull after a while as the puzzles don't really evolve much beyond the flipping perspective mechanic and the areas are connected in a confusing mazelike fashion that just left me feeling unsure of where to go and not really motivated to bother methodically searching around, maybe this just isn't my sort of game but i can't recommend it
not really that interesting honestly, the visual style is kind of meh although that might be because of age, the gameplay is simple and isn't really used in very interesting ways, it overall just really gives the same vibe as overly simplistic mobile games, if you're not the sort of person to get into games like angry birds then i wouldn't get this game
good luck mac
dont like it
a great game that requires you to drain mummy's creddit card dry to win.
pros:-fun and interesting-arcadelike legends of zelda-developed questline-free to playcons:-p2w (pay to win)-grinding-updates are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reskins -lacks major updates-somethings are dodgy-legends of zelda rip off7.5/10
ok so firstly, if you are here for tf2 items then do not buy this game. the money isnt worth the tf2 items and when you buy the game it takes forever to get the items. secondly, if you are looking for fun, look somewhere else, this game has low graphics and boring characters. poker can be played on the internet for free.when you are aiming to get tf2 items in this game, you need to play poker for hours and hours and you must win in order to obtain the items. in this game, you must play poker and beat the other 4 players in order to win. there are 5 players in total: yourself, max, strong bad, the heavy and tycho. in order to win items you must keep playing games until you encounter someone coughing up some gear but you need to defeat that player and if anyone else defeats the player you lose the item. the items take forever to encounter and you have a low chance of winning the item. it take several hours or maybe even days to obtain them all. i have encountered items before but never received them.this game is not recommended unless you have fine skills at poker and you are desperate for these items. it is an absolute waste of money if you are trying to get the items. 4/10chop2014
if i sucked 1000 ♥♥♥♥♥, i would be straiter then this game - nazeem
good from what ive herd cant play it, crashes
♥♥♥♥♥
for me this will never load i asked for a fefund.... the game can never start for me
you have to win the game is (in my case) a very boring game. as they say, the first five minutes of a game can make or break it. in this case, it broke it. the very simple "tune" at the start kind of hurts, & after that, has no music!!!!!! the game is also boring. 1.5/10
this is an decent game only if i could play a match! i have wasted 48 mins of my life trying to get on a match beacuse it just loads the ? for 20 mins or if i get in a game after 10 seconds everyone freezes and i'm left by myself wondering the map then getting off. this would have been a enjoyable only if it was not so glitchy. to sum it up never got in a match, sometimes the match does not even load and it freezes all the time 0/10
this game is a dissapointment to "gravity bone" as it is short, not very exciting. i saw other reviews and they said this had a "story", i'm not sure about that but notice i've only played one minute on this game.... because that's how long it bloody took to finish it... seal of dissaproval [insert horse emoticon here]
gg csgo i was playing match making and i won and i get colddown wtf csgo fix this ♥♥♥♥!!!!!
i could not play this game once because of how laggy and buggy it is...♥♥♥♥ this game its ♥♥♥♥, dont waist your money on it.
...
abandoned by the devs: do not play!
i don't know if it is my fault or what; but even with my laptop that meets the minimum requirements the game crashes when i try to enter a match. there needs to be a good amount of optimization done for the wider spectrum of hardware used
it's a fun game, but still unbalanced and not a full release
le quitaron la acción a amnesia, no tiene las historias personalizadas, el inventario, no da miedo... que te paso frictional???
it looked interesting but wouldn't start
this game is alwayas asking you to pay money to get anything 1/10
the game controls like ♥♥♥♥!!!!
ultimamente ta mais lagado que as mães dos dev pqp
clunky movement, lots of russians and a terrible basis for the game make for an awful time! i played for a quarter of an hour and just couldn't even deal with the lag. (which by the way, is not due to my computer.) save yourself some time, do not download this.
the controls are really fked up if you have played l4d2 before. no more room in hell is not a bad game, but it takes pretty long to get used to the sluggish controls and the community full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s just don't expect too much because it's free
u can not connect through steam and play with your mates warning do not get this game._.
i got the game, i was better then the system requirements and it runs like crap.
don't buy it...the game is full of crashes, tecnical problems and full of hackers... br saves that game.. btw.. this game is going to be free in 1 year.. so it's better to wait than buy this piece of poopoo
sigh, if only downloading it was as quick as uninstalling it. another game i could even play because of this "punkbot". sad, really wanted to play this game.
utter ♥♥♥♥. couldn't even play the game because of 'general error, could not connect to host'. there seems to be no good answer to this problem as the only 'solutions' are allowing it through your fire wall, and changing your dns which didn't work, slowed down my internet, and it doesn't even semm worth going through all that trouble for a game like this. really disappointedoverall rateing 0/10 - waste of computer spacepros - nonecons - couldn't even ♥♥♥♥ing play the game
the game was... well... wasn't what i was expecting. and umm yeah... you tryed... a-at least thats a good thing that you tryed but it was pretty bad so yeah... it took me an hour to think of this sentence... and that was 100% liesbut i think you would win my award for the worst video game of 2015 but i think you need to work on this game a lot more because... yeah... but again you tryed
cannot run it in australia waste of 1gb pls.
boring and overpriced - plain and simple. it's a good thing i bought this for $10 on special, because i enjoyed the game for around an hour, before realising that the basic game you're given, is really only worth $10. sure you can tell they've tried to make the few routes they provide with the steam edition visually appealing, and it seems like an authentic experience (i don't know much about driving trains, i'm not a professonal), but if sitting, staring at your screen for an hour, waiting for your train (from the minuscule selection you're provided to start with) to exceed the speed limit a little bit and then pulling a lever slightly is authentic, frankly i don't really care because this "game" is not necessary - i hate to be harsh, but perhaps if the dlc wasn't so expensive, i wouldn't care as much. i love trains, but this just isn't compelling.
la peor wea que eh jugado en mi vida
if you want to play a star trek space game try something like bridge commander. this is pretty much a pay to win space game losely based on star trek
terrible. i have a great pc and can run any game you throw at me. this game wouldn't even start up. and the graphics of the characters are terrible. i wish i could rate it a negative 5.
20 mins for "revival"? gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
cant even get through the starting mission due to frozen screens, hard controls and uplay just being a giant pain in the ♥♥♥
great game highly recomend if you want to learn how to make suicide pills
game is very, un-stable, non-structured on how you have to walk ages to a store that only lasts 40 seconds? i don't even know anymore the developers are constantly updating this game, trying to make it better i just don't see it, :(
very bad glitch on mac. bottom of screen is yellow and you cant see anything.
great game to start off with if its your first time but then after a while it gets boring because it takes you so long to get good troops which i do understand that in these type of games it takes a while but once your their youll spend money just trying to get the good troops
read thisright now this game crashes when too many entities full the screen, or i fly into a town. my computer can run heavily modded and graphically enhanced minecraft, dayz, etc, but 7d2d crashes.this isnt much of a problem as 7d2d closes instantly and only takes about 10 seconds to open up as it loads extremely quickly.what is the problem is that there's no manual save function, so if you find a gun, build a house and store supplies, it can crash without autosaving and send me back an hour. however i do have a 32-bit os, which may be the cause of crashes i don't know.i wouldn't buy this game until it has a manual save function the lack of one is shocking in a game that rewards you for putting in time (e.g to contruct a fort, play around in creative, etc.) the autosave it does have seems to trigger at certain intervals, but there's no way to trigger it yourself or toggle it. and sometimes it works every 3 minutes, and sometimes it still dosen't work after 1 hour! that might be just my computer though. i wouldn't reccomend 7d2d as of yet, but with a manual save function i would. when it works it is great fun, especially with friends.
i quite bad game
quite a bad game,hardly any online severs
too laggywastage of moneybut lucky did not waste that much money as i bought it during disscount
it really isnt that free to play
laaggy
this is just a $15 version of warframe if it were an anime. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
it will somehow make you wish you still had money in your wallet
sure its a fine "zombie survival" game, but there isnt any "zombie survival", there is way too many pvp'ers out there casually killing everything that moves. the game itself (despite the pvp) is quite good, a nice looting system with a hunger and thirst system, they never truly developed the disease and medical system. the graphics are second rate, attempting a semi-realistic artstyle, that was ultimately only half accomplished. i rate this game 4/10, generally, gameplay is terrible, but the ideas behind it are great, perhaps hosting our own server to exclude all the pvp'ers would be a great idea, oh wait, they charge $75 a month for server renting! wow.
this game is crap
the best part of the game was when i uninstalled it.
♥♥♥♥ this game
game keep shut down for no reason
only got for the tf knife.
this game is buggy i can barely play the game because the same gta v has stopped working comes up another poorly optimized port
at first it was good but when update became complete ♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would update again
was great when i could play it now i  just want my money back
grand theft auto iv is a awesome game, but i am warning you downloading gta iv off steam is not a good idea (anymore)if you are looking to play online. gfwl is saying that all cd - keys from steam are invalid. please get this game else where.
boring and hard to track anything
game still needs balancing
porque haora le voy un voto negativo a uno de mis juegos favoritos?-cuz? microtansacciones!-hay que bonito es celebrar el aniversario del juego añadiendo microtransacciones, despues de decir que no las iban a poner, bien jugado ovk. primero nos golpeas en la cara con dlc sobrevalorados (5usd por 3 armas osea wut) y practicamente diarios, haora le ponen un dlc que supuestamente iba a ser ''gratis'' y salen con esta basofia, rompen el balance de armas que tenian, volviendolo horrendo, como por arte de magia las skins afectan al gameplay cambiando stats, se ''pitean'' el blt (better lua tool), luego como si no fuera para mas con esto de las microtransacciones, y de que tengamos que comprar una key para abrir una caja con un taladro para conseguir una roñosa key con eso es como si hubiese golpeado un tren a la comunidad, mi recomendacion no compren payday 2 /don't buy payday 2.si piensas en comprar este juego mi unica recomendacion es que no lo hagas y te alejes lo mas poosible de ese juego eso salu2 y gracias por leer este analisis con tanta falta de ortografia y redaccion. cheers!
este juego solia ser bueno....   -antes 10/10                                              -haora 5/10, no malgastes tu tiempo en esto no lo vale.
is it weird that i regret buying a game that costs 2 cents
esta muy bugeado
completely butchers cs 1.6 0/10 - ign
i see no point in a game like this. it was just place ships and then sit there and watch. i was constantly doing something else while waiting for it to end. its a miracle that i put this much time into it. sadly most boring game i have ever played.
i heard alot of good things about this game, but sadly it just was no fun. the game just didn't really get me excited during the time i played; and it seemed repetitive with the quest just saying kill this, detroy this, and collect this. i felt like i was playing a boring rpg, and i couldn't bring myself to play more.
the first game i hopped into i was rekt by campers and players better than me on a unfair map i couldnt get past anyone without dieing this made me rage i do not recomend this game
7/10 fun game, but i wouldn't reccommend this game (3/10) for seriously idiotic checkpoints. would be much, much, much better with more frequent checkpoints, or the ability to save in the middle of a game, since players can't continue where they left, we have to restart from the beginning if you quit in the middle of game
it was a great game and i was doing great until i randomly lost all my progress.
this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like wizard 101. and eid plays it
nice meme
i have buy this game but this game i have to still purchase it i have waste 11$ help me!!!
do you want to be poor? then play csgo. your money disappears like magic!
its just the stupidst most realstic game you know you actually have to buy i licesnse to hunt a singal thing what the hell   bigest waste of time unless you dont mind buying everything
was often laggn but thats probs my net, oh well
i bought this game when it was on sale for 50cents. worst decision i have ever made
terrible game, the physics are shocking, gameplay is jumpy, for a game that relies on physics as its forefront image it does not one bit feel fun, just frustratin as it controls like a lemon, dont waste your $10 on this game..
worst game evercheap screamers .-. 2/10dont buy it
a massive step backwards, don't buy
pile of ♥♥♥♥
deranked to mg1
i did love the game it was great but the devs raised the min specs you needed to play the game.sorry to say but the game has became a s**t hole of a gamer.i.p se
i don't see how this is relaxing when you water it then have to wait another one week to play again, unless wetting snails is fun for you.
i'd rather whatch boku no pico, the full series instead of playing this game that is more that just pay 2 lose. which is very sad. many pros got banned beacuse noobs report them as hackers.the company is awful, why even if ebola and aids had a baby it would be better that the company.dont ever get this game, why even my game crashed many times and i had  the 5th latest geforce grapics card. i swear this game shouldnt even be on the founders dream/ so screw this game.(if you dont know what it is its about a anime girl with a d1ck)
this game sucks. ive been kicked out for literly no reason, people will kick you out if you keep getting hedshots with i did cotinusly but i kept getting kicked out. and also why does the server keep closin my   connection? am i oing something wrong? i also spotted a hacker but i still got kicked out, it is recomannded that you need to be a actual noob in order to play this game!!
im ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i paid 20 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars for this game and all i got was an early start i play 3 ♥♥♥♥ing game and i get no benifit im ♥♥♥♥♥♥ >:(
i tried to like it but i couldn't mainly because i dislike p2w games.
what is the aim of this game
10/10
i cant click the battleroyal button....
idealna gra dla chorych umysłowo dzieci z podstawówki.
i got a 7 day ban for getting kicked ♥♥♥♥ everything :'(
if you're a fan of repeating the same ♥♥♥♥ over and over again, this is your kind of game.
dayz standalone? more like day standalone you see what i did there?
10/10 ia shooting
downloaded the game played for 1 min lost my eye sight
played for an hour did not find a single animal
most emersive game i have ever played. if you have ever wanted to experience what it is like to go hunting you have to play this game, the graphics are fantastic and i have had no preformance issues... so far.a really big downside is that it is free to play meaning basically all the good elements of the game require in game purchases with real money. this frustrates me as to have a good gaming expierience you would have to pay at least $10 for a hunting license and about $5 for a good gun. a game like this shouldn't be free to play but a one off purchase as it would allow more people to get involved and overall make the experience more worthwhile.
gone home is very........well, meh. i had a good time with the story but the ending really drags it down, the massive build up to something that could of being explained on the note on the front door (but then we would'nt have a game now would we?).so thanks to that you are forced to do a massive goose chase witht he payoff that just makes your eyes roll.also this game is not worth 20 dollars. you can eat ♥♥♥♥ and die if you think you can sell this for 20 dollars.i was only stupid enough to miss a book on the second floor so played this game for 20 minutes to long, so now i can't get a refund, ♥♥♥♥.the game is alright in all fairness, but that's it, just alright, nothing more, mabye something less.
waste of money
really rockstar? 2 years and 3 delays seemed to have added up to nothing. the game is unplayable for me as as the launcher crashes and i get a message saying "gta v launcher has stopped working". it then checks for a solutio to the problem and closes. and it also seems about 25% of all people who bought gta v are experiencing game destroying problems.i have tried reinstalling both the game and social club, verifying my cache files, restarting steam and my computer, and fidddling with my gpu. nothing worked even the slightest.rockstar - fix. this. now.
tudo buga nada funciona feijoada
do you want a pay to win game that has ♥♥♥♥ gameplay and is totally unrealistic? this is the game for you!you want to play as the russian faction? youre an idiot! :d shooting a sniper costs you more than spawning in a plane. heres a list of problems it has, you have no freedom. its unbalanced. its pay to win. game devs dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about what you want. when the game devs give out an update, it ruins everything. it takes aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaages to earn up a single un customized weapon. this game is a major ♥♥♥♥ you to the world war genre.
it used to be good, back when i could log in. dont buy it, their support pages dont even work.
picked assasin class. can only use basic attack every once every 2 seconds. gg no re
zombies kill you in 5 hits.
this is for people who like spending far too long in these types of games really one of the only valve games i hate
on the brightside. these recent updates have cleared about 40gig of hdd space.
does not look good and the person maker just has 2 options and even the controlls suck its not worth the download let alone buying stuff in game
minecraft
this game is fantastic one of the best zombie games ever only one problem the low violence version it is a peice of ♥♥♥♥♥ there is little to no gore no dismemberment no burning no riot zombies and the bodies evaperate after dying it completly ruins the game but if you manage to mod your way around that then have fun.
absolute crap, cant even play the game as it crashes all the time, fix this now.
esse server e uma piada de tantas conquistas desse jogo deveria ter uma chamada consegui logar uhu
do not buy this game if you live in ausor really any other place where there is not a really dense mass of people playing this game. currently, i have found no public servers in my time playing the game. this means that when i hit "play" it drops me into the nearest server it can find, which is probably hosting in russia or something because i get about 5000ms ping. it's actually impossible to play sometimes, as in you can't move or anything because of this.i can live with there being no players, as long as the game is playable. but, there is no way to host your own server without paying somebody to do so, and i've already wasted enough money on this game.when it is working, so far i have found no food in my entire play time. meaning i have starved to death with every character. i have encountered no players. and in fact, on the most recent update of the game i haven't even seen and zombies either.pros:- nonecons:- no players- no servers (playing from aus, this means i get so much ping the game is uplayable)- no local hosting- no zombies (this is a zombie game, right?)- no supplies- when you do get a gun it's just before you're about to starve to death, and you're more likely to be smitten by god in all his fury than get ammo for it. there isn't anything to shoot at either- there is no merit in playing it, you can't even try to be the best player on the server because you are literally the only one- it's an hours run to get to anywhere (and you won't even find anything there most of the time)
i cant play it cuz it says error: wrong game version deteced and i restart the launcher and nothing happens, plz help.
this game is good don't get me wrong. however when you get 181 turns in with your mate and it decides to ♥♥♥♥ you over it's not fun.fix your game total war, we pay good money for these games the least you could do is keep it running well.
госпади просто пздец.это просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.это...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!<<мамку ебал!!!>> <<ухади>>.уберите это пожалуйста!!! они своровали даже звуки из контры!!!про то что это нелепая пародия на майнкрафт с донатом вообще молчу... это варфейс с майнкрафтом и украденными звуками!в это невозможно играть!!!! уберите эту х*йню с моего профиля!!!!пожалуйста!!!!!я просто ненавижу эту игру!и скачал её с другом,чтобы постебаться.дцп онлайн-вот это название полностью подходит к этой игре!я боюсь представить какие-существа играют в эту игру.у них наверно член на носу висит!!!и яйца на подбородке!!!да вл*галище вместо ушей!!
разработчики.. просто идите ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
просто полный кусок бизона!!!бред крысиного мангуста,яички тритона!!!вообще не советую!!! тебя просто морально вые*ут!!!,,,просто п*здец я еб*л в рот разработчиков после игры болит бошка а вместах вообще подташнивает,игра унылое г*вно в котором заключается сюжет трахни крокодила в ж*пу!!!
11234
this game is a very slow game your movment is very slow compered to my other injusace on xbox 360. im not very happy with my download i do not recommend this game.
1 refund please.
♥♥♥♥ didn't work. redownloaded it 4 times. there was a patch but the ♥♥♥♥ still didnt work.9/11-ign
this game is about as good as you could expect for a game that was coded in a weekend
i can't even be bothered highlighting the great points, yeah its a good game but its essentially a bad clone of warhammer: battle march. this game doesn't contain half of the playable races or units that battle march did, the siege combat is actually worse than in bm and when playing as chaos in bm you can actually destroy towns and buildings whilst battling armies in canon locations where as here you just beat the enemy army and "pillage" the town with a simple left click. the game is good but the fact that i can find better points in a game of the same universe from 8 years ago should give an indicator of its current state. its a fun game and i enjoy the scope of the universe you play in, its also very true to the lore however, if you want to play a good warhammer game play battle march, if you're after a total war game with warhammer elements then, sure, pick up a copy but not for full price or maybe wait for the next 10 dlcs so you actually get a complete warhammer game.edit: $3 us to add blood lmao
i mean it's not the worst zombie game out there..
i adore this. i feel like when i finally end up moving to america, i'll play this and cry from happiness.﻿
dovetail needs to fix the breaks.
the 17 minutes i spent playing thme is game were due to me becoming lost in its ♥♥♥♥ interface trying to find the exit button
wouldnt really recommend this free to play, it restricts character customization and limits what the player can do
this game has the worst balance i have ever seen...
can't play, need to add support for intel! also can't play on family pc.
♥♥♥♥ed up my resolution and graphics configuration on first launch. since the options menu its only avaliabe after the tutorial, hero selection and all that ♥♥♥♥ that i didnt pay attention because i was trying to fix the game caused a bad first time experience for me. dumb developers never think in user interface!
não gostei muito do jogo, um pouco abstrato... talvez seja só mais um dia difícil!
this is ♥♥♥♥
im just gonna quote everybody below me about this game and im not  going to bother repeating. it was a extremely good game and gaijiggles just made it poop. i love this game but the state that its in right now is making it not fun as it was. new players may like it but as quoted in other reviews you may slowly decieve it.
the system it uses for aiming is totally awful!!the way the guy walks is not good. to be honest, i'm glad it's free because i wouldn't pay a single dollar for this.i know it's old, but guys... you could have improved it.anyways i'm still a fan of arma and your games, just not this one.bye ♥
if you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who likes vengeance-ing and hanging out with trolling asshats-- if you have time for pooping in your socks-- if you are totally cool with spending 80% of your game time auto-jogging in one direction and then another trying to team back up with your acquaintances-- if you get off on hoarding a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥ that only serves to prooooobably extend your character's survival time on a server-- or if you're just an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with good aim-- then, ♥♥♥♥, this game's probably right for asshats that aren't me.i don't need a game to simulate dealing with real-life ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and i don't need a game that takes m♥♥♥♥ing hours to feel like i accomplished ♥♥♥♥ing anything.tl;dri haven't found the survival simulator that's right for me, but hey, if you're thinking of buying or have bought this game during early access, please be sure to give the devs an earful of what you want in your evolving survival-mmo. thanks.
i don't understand how the ffff  i'm supposed to finish that one 1:28 limit race to bring back the bass strings with 45-degree angle turns when i drive. dude, wt♥♥♥♥. (if the handling is too much to work on dear 2xfine, please extend that time limit. qnq )despite the way the framerate my computer can produce for this game and the delayed command input making me cry metal f*cking tears of blood, i would reccomend this game because-- "woo! celebration of rock! clever lines! open world exploration! pretty neat funny shnit!" 'but the limiting driving handling made me want to smash my keyboard, pull out every keycap, and then smash them for not helping me when really it's just how well my proccessor & graphics can handle everything this game's trying to run. after trying the game with a ontroller, it was much more fun, but ♥♥♥♥..... i hate having to drivein the game.it's much more interesting to run around the open world than freaking driving in it-- only because driving will give me cancer.
i bought this game thinking that i would spend hours on it looking at the pictures and videos it looked beautiful but to me that was the only aspect of the game that i liked. there is very little content and to get any of the 15 ships in the game you will have to grind for long peroids of time. so in my opinion i think you should wait a few years after more features have been added into the game but for now i recommend for you to not get the game, ill update when more things have been added.
need i say more?
i would hate to see anyone waste $10 dollers on a bad game like this so heres 3 words i will give you about this games "absolutly freaking terrible"
"we shall not introduce microtranactions."a couple of years later;"welcome to pay2day global offensive"and it's not just cosmetic, it's stat related too. i love payday, it's a great game, yet this is a huge mistake overkill. at least csgo did it right, you didn't
dis was bad game homie g.
embolante a morir
♥♥♥♥ing stupid game if you don't get deranked after one game by losing if i could get a refund i would get gnm should be atleast mg 2 now and instead i got deranked by one game each time no matter how many ♥♥♥♥ing wins i had gn2 now so unless they adapt a real proper and fair way of ranking this maybe i wouldn't have quit this is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
fbbg
this game sucks i spawn in and pretty much am dead straight off the bat
-10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ on again
não pega em windows 7 ;-; ♥♥♥♥♥ queria joga
simplimente uma bosta
its dum and boring
there is no aus server!!! soo very bad!!! if there is i would love this game but there isnt...
honestly. really good
sound in game doesnt work at all and a lot of people are having this problem and activision dont seem to care nore want to fix it. so could be fed that i got vaced for modding in single player other than that its basically just mico tansactions for everything.
this game is terrible, i mean the campaign takes about a few hours to finish, the graphics suck, and it's just a bad game all togethor.
its crap, no keyboard support, at least state that, im sure they would have lost all their sales
1/10, just a bad game overall. dead, boring, dead, silly, dead, dead. 1/10
maplestory. this game is by far the worst game ever created. the characters are sh*t, the animations for skills suck, the story lines are lame. how bad can one game be? the story of an average mapler. one day a person randomly overhears some of his friends talking about maplestory. he gets curious so he finds out what it is and downloads the game. he starts to play the game, it isn't too bad, he makes friends, he has fun. - few months later. the person gets addicted to the game and is "mapling" 24/7. he also spends $10 - $50 everyday for the nexon's in-game currency known as "nexon cash" or "nx"after a while his friends disappear, and makes new friends and they disappear too.he does this for 5 years until one day he looks at the game properly and thinks to himself. "what have i done during the past 5 years?" he then proceeds to view his purchase history, his characters, his life.what has happened during the past 5 years you may ask? well. this person wasted his money, his time, his relationships and most of all his life. it is far too hard to comeback from maplestory if you played it for such a long time, and when you do, i'll tell you, you will never look at the game the first time you looked at it. how "innocent" it is, how "fun" it is. the only exception you can see to is that you have friends whom play the game. other than that i suggest you drop it.
its may seem good and addicting at first, but then it get boring when you get your character to level 35.tl;dr = waste of time and possibly money.
elite orbs are more rarer than good presidential candidates
lol! this is the worst s**t ive ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!like wtf i can see that valve didnt actually make this and just put their name on it.rather than wasting time downloading and uninstalling this just "obtain" gta v and have fun.
♥♥♥♥ this game
very, very bad multiplayer. so much trollers and kids.
competitivo impossivel de jogar, só cai com gente que trolla ou tem noção zero...a não ser q vc jogue com um time fechado vc não ira passar raiva...gastei muito dinheiro nesse jogo tenho mais de 1300 horas mas infelizmente ta impossível de jogar o competitivo...ou espera esse jogo ficar mais caro pra não chegar mais mongol que não tem capacidade de pagar uma internet descente ou um computador descente, ou espera lançar outro jogo dessa franquia, ou se não compra rainbow six siege que é muito mais loco kkkkkk :dcasual 10/10   corrida armada 10/10   servidor de comunidade 10/10   competitivo: 0/10000 vtncesse jogo ja foi melhor..... chora mais
i would be saying this is a good game but it doesent work on my computer it just keeps crashing 20 minutes in
ok
wont work on my computer and i wasted all that gb
ohhhhhhhh myyyyy god the beststststst game byyyyyy farrrrrrrrrrr. "great banter". :() :o :) ;) :* :^ :#
got banned for being too good gg
fica dando error ao fazer register
played this game on facebook 11/10
well after about 1  hr of gameplay the game decided to close on me and now it wont open dont waste ur money untill this is fixed
i wont my $15 back
♥♥♥♥ing trash.
se você tem algum console recomendo, pois os jogos são dublados e principalmente sem lag e tem muitos jogadores mais de 100.000 por dia, agora se você gastou um absurdo como eu em um pc gamer, não compre... sem dublagem poucos jogadores muito lag poucos serves e ainda por cima hackers " na verdade crackers" que usam programas para ter infinitas vantagens sobre vc!!!
one of the most annoying games ever there are some good sides but its unbareable it takes about 5 days just to install it
okay straight off the bat, i did not like this game at all, for like, two reasons.reason no1: the lag is ♥♥♥♥in' unbeliveable. i suck at fps but i can usually get 1 kill per half hour of play, nope, not even close, i died 13 times before my game timed out, i think it timed out... i'm half thinking that i was kicked for "feeding" not sure.reason no2 (my most prominent issue with this game): this issue was in the damn tutorial. i was told to destroy some explosives with a pack of c4,i thought, "sure no problem, you mean this box over here that clearly has explosives on it?" *dies* "... was that not it? let me look around for something else then..." *10 mins later* "there is literally nothing else that even remotely resembles explosives, this has to be it..." *dies* "am i doing it wrong? am i too close? i'll stand further away and put it right on top of it then..." *dies* "i can't stand any further away!" at this point i got angry and decided to throw the c4 willynilly all over in the hopes of getting lucky.(announcer guy): "alright now that that's done." (me) "i'm sorry... what? you wanted me to... throw the c4, over this wall, with no indication that the thing i need to blow up is there?"now i'm fully aware that i may be an idiot and i just didn't hear him say it was there, so i waited for my friend who was playing the tutorial at the same time as me to get to that point, so i could check that it wasn't just me... but no, we were given no indication of where to find the thing we were supposed to blow up.yes i know two reasons isn't really enough to judge a game, but i judge a game on playability and how easy it is to learn to play, the tutorial other than that part was sub-par at best and we had instances of random glitching into places we weren't supposed to be in, like the railing the instructor stands on, which we had to clip out of.now take from this review what you will, it's my personal experience with the game and my personal feelings towards it, the positive reviews out weigh the negative so maybe i was really unlucky.
i hvae two words for this game. absolute crap!
just no
this ♥♥♥♥ reminds me of dungeon defenders
achei bosta
it will not load up on the home screen so i cant play it ;p
urgh wayyyy to much like aw you would be better off playing blacklight retribution ... its free i would not pay for this
so easy unlike other scribblenauts games in the past. i recommend this game for 10 year olds and bellow if they have nothing to do whatsoever in the summer holidays.
all i can say about this game is... don't play it,don't even look at it,do this and you might live!!!
i had the game and now it's in my steam library but i can't play it because it doesn't think i own it even though i already had 12 hourson it.
the only game on steam that makes me feel like vomiting after playing for no more than 20mins
the game is 3+ years old, and non of the updates fixed the problem of fail reconnect to competitive matches after  micro disconnections.
bugs everywhere, can not even proceed through tutorial without getting stuck.
not worthy of the anno name
seems like it will be fun to start off with, and then you start playing and realise all the lies you were told. graphics are basic, movement animations are basic, only thing not basic is the menu which looks better than game.
i really dont know what i expected.....it sucks...plain and simple
jogo bugado
its weird and boring
bring the old one back
la nueva actualización tiene el contra de que las primeras construcciones que haces son demasiado débiles.
rubbish game!
words of advice: if you hate lag in video games get this game on a console. there is so much lag on the pc version it was almost irritating to play.
so many bug and lag ♥♥♥♥ you
piece of crap
tf2 was one of the best games i have played, was this new updata is cancer, what happen to pub quick nice games which u could leave if u needed to go, there is so many hackers and you cant even kick them, it that bad i dont even want to play it anymore, so please bring pubs back and make it so u can kick hackers.
i bought this game after playing mount & blade: warband, i thought same people means another good game and at the time it showed promise. but over the time i've owned it, the updates and announcements have only really being bug fixing or removing planned updates. this game is definitely nowhere near complete, it is buggy, lacks playability, most would probably lose interest after 10 minutes. devs have completely screwed this chance
fine till jagex bought it
dirty bomb in some words-pays 13 grand  for 13 cases -unboxes 12 cases-lead for all-except one its silver
ever heard of pay to play
broken dosent  work
horrible graphics repetitive gameplay even on ultra the textures were blurry and messy gta v was made 2 years b4 this crusty piece of ♥♥♥♥ and it still looks better
don't download this game, because once you take dog ♥♥♥♥ from someone, they don't want it back -1000/5 -♥♥♥♥ ign
wasd isnt working, worst fps
too realistic. my hands simply cannot keep up with this realismexcuse me, i need my masterbation break
this is ♥♥♥♥ing bs. waited a whole week and got unbanned today, joined a comp game and got kicked for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. now ♥♥♥♥ing banned for a whole week. wtf!
jagex bought the game from the developer of the original ace of spades and ruined it. it has turned into a worse version of tf2 now and the point of building is quite pointless. they have done everything that they shouldn't have and added a price tag to it.  rip old ace of spades
old, out dated, not worth $20. more like a $1 game.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ only play this game want to play a game that is fun try somthing else
the game doesent want to start and my pc gets 100%cpu want to have my money back!!!
the game is remniscent of the dungeon keeper series and provides a slightly nostalgic feel. the graphical style and detailed overworld are quirky and creative but are ultimately overshadowed by the slow placed and repeitive gameplay. a major downfall is in its lack of flexible micromanagment and preset room layots. players are also prevenetd from changing preset room layouts at the start of each new map which limits creativity and needlesy increases difficult as the treasure hold is always placed close to the entrance (where enemeies enter to plunder your dungeons treasure). imire does provided a wide range of unique creatures and a interesting team combo feature, rewarding creative team combinations. the storyline also contains interesting aspects. overall the agme is satisfactory if you want a casual play but is no dungeon keeper 3.
its a great game don't get me wrong but it was actually way better until zombies were taken out and replaced with mutant wolf and bears
i do not reccomend this game, you will lose all feeling in your finger and the repeditiveness is overwhelmingso so sososososo painfull
wait until it is a compklte and finished game dont buy it to early like i did
stay away
one of the biggest p2w games ive ever seen! you cant achieve anything unless you pay a monthly subscription, unless you like walking around doing nothing looking at the map. and unless you subscribe and you are trying to enjoy it, trion will think your a bot and ban your account for no reason, and if you try doing an appeal you wont be getting an answere for a week or so.
the game may seem very interesting and fun, but its very unoptimised and after 10 hours you will be thinking, why did i spend my cash on this crap. the game lacks interest when you get late game gear and the map is very small.
wow i could of bought myself a burger and would be happer than this crappy rip-off game.
no
the game was way better a couple years ago they ruined it
♥♥♥♥in terrible cant even join!
no anime /10 would no recommend!
childish.
aidzzzz
la verdad es un buen juego pero lastima que se me pierda la conexion cada 2 minutos cuando juego online 6/10 hasta que arreglen los errores de conexion
is super ♥♥♥♥, refund immediately, dont enter the abyss that is the counter strike community
kept crashing for me and i couldnt do sweet f a
didnt work for me i couldn't get off the loading screen (i didn't even get to see the title screen)
listen,when i was 13 years old (im 15 now) i abosolutely adored this game so much potential and just a great game but that was during the time when it had a free-to-play week and i just loved it over 1000 people were on so many servers great community great game but then the free-to-play was taken off from then it died down slowly and slowly and nobody played it anymore so i stopped now i can remember this game and 2 years i came back to it but i decided not to come back to it since it said last timed i play was september 2013 and i want to keep it like that cause that is when it died to the fullest  and the devs stopped working on it so that really sucks.rip showdown effect2013 - 2013we will all miss you
rockstar i just got banned in gta online for no reason fix this now i want to play gta online and i pay for the game so if you not going to fix this i need my money back rockstar
offers nothing new to gamers, bad visuals, terrible story and boring gameplay 0/10
i played 20 minutes of this, and it ended with a zombie rubber banding across the map and killing me, unoriginal game concept and the graphics arent anything special 2/10
it sacks 
sucks....
if i could play this game without it crashing whenever i open it, that would be great. unfortunatly that doesn't look like its happening soon. the game creators should probubly put this on a more stable platform (so to speak). but right now i can't say its looking very good seeing i can't get into the game without it crashing on the loasing screen. i'm sorry but it's my honest opinion and thats all they ask for. this game is  worth less than a defacation, your not getting game of the year award any time soon i can tell you that. i'm sorry if this was a bit brutal but its my honest oppinion. et the game runs better than this. and thats the worst game in history. sorry but its true.
pense num jogo lixo esse e 10 vezes pior
didnt really like it
this game is ok but not worth the $1 to throw at it. not know that this was an early access game i threw myself in to it hoping for a fresh game, one i haven't seen before. so i did what i usually do... not look at anything on the game. well now i wish i would and finding out that it was early access after i had played it makes it worse. i already have a dislike to early access as most games get forgotten and unfinished and i don't like the idea of paying for a game that hasn't even been finished and the devise thought they could get a couple of bucks out of it before they actually bother finish it. i know this isn't every early access game but a lot are like this. this game from the looks of it was either rushed, not cared about enough, or by inexperienced devise. im sorry if it's the last option but you will need some helpful criticism. first of all i noticed the controls for the torch, these are horrible you can either not do anything and it will snap to the direction you are facing which leads to very disorientating gameplay ad there is no smooth animation for the snap lock and leaves the player felling more or less dizzy, or you can hold the left mouse button the whole time to control the torch which is annoying while trying to do platforming but is much easier then the snap control. this was very annoying through he whole game as you do have to use the torch as a weapon and making it a prime function without taking much care for smooth animation is not done well. while trying to find an option to maybe have it as a consonant on the mouse control i found myself exiting the level which made me instantly dislike this game. first of all there was no are you sure you want to exit the level, second no indication what so ever through the game did it say if you want to exit the level press esc, this may not seem like that big of a deal and it wouldn't be in any other situation but in mine i was near the end of the level with all the collectibles and i had exited and was forced to play the level again but this time i ha dlost interest in collecting the letters. another issue i have is that there are no options, none what so ever, except when you boot up the game it asks what graphics you would like windowed yes or no and resolution, for the very basic of settings these are there is no way to change them in game. one other thing that really bugged me about this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing narrator, jeez can you come up with some different lines, every single level has the narrator saying the same thing over and over again, it's like a broken record, and i'm not kidding at the start of every level there is the same cut scene of the narrator saying some bull and during every level he says the same thing, and at the end of every level there is another cut scene. not to be discouraging the narrator has a nice voice but maybe get him a few more then 3 things to say. now one thing that really bugged me about the game play was that every time you die you go all the way top the start of the level usually this would be ok, it gives consequence to the players death but it is so easy to die in this game from the odd camera angle and the (let' face it) cliché platforming with no real unique aspect means you have to start the level again and when this happens you loose all of your collectibles. this is the most frustrating part because even though the platforming is hard simply because of other issue and not the way it is designed, a big portion of the game comes froms getting the collectibles and after dying a few time to some random issue i quickly lost interest in getting the collectibles which unlock additional levels, which i could not bring my self to even collect the letter to play because i found myself wanting to stop playing this game instantly. another aspect of the game i didn't enjoy was the enemy if you can even call them that, there are two enemy's, white slug things that slowly move towards you and little white sperm things that move quickly towards you, for a game with the subtitle 'a game to fight inner demons' i did not find myself fighting any inner demons the most i got was having a good laugh at the ridiculous design of an 'inner demon' and the variation of these inner demons (the small sperm things) do not come in till the 4th level which is the second last level in the game. which brings me to my next point the length of this game is ridiculous it is less then an hour i'm sure if you went through all the levels getting the collectibles it be a bit longer but no more then 2 hours it is ridiculous, if you are going to make a game with this kind of game play and non existent story telling at least make it long enough so people get their moneys worth. another aspect i found odd was music or the lack of, the first time i heard music was in the last stage of the game and there was no epicness to it like in dark souls where music would only play during boss battles but dark souls made the iteration of music mean something, it made the player feel like they were doing something epic not bloody doing mundane platforming.so if you are looking to buy this game i wouldn't bother the $1 price it is definitely not worth it in the sate that it is in now.
it looks great.it isn't great at all. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ npc's, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ "sector" compass thing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything.honestly, the worst game i have played. alpha or not.
my pc met all the requirements but still lagged a ton,
the game itself is average, it's just the people that play it are pure aidsthey've now decided to add skillbased match-making so i can no longer find a single match.
had high expectations for this game (multiplayer) after bo2, extremely dissapointed. unbalanced, lots of bullsh*t, so on and so forth. for anyone wanting a good multiplayer game i either reccomend cs:go or bf4.
pretty dull, this is in the first few hours played because i have no idea whether the rest of this game is good, as it doesnt even work. then i hopped on after the update to see my save gone. it's a terraria rip off (different developer), and a ♥♥♥♥ one at that
game wont even start.
i only bought this game so people can actually 1v1 me rust.
my playtime sums up this game.
can't even open the game
♥♥♥♥
después de tantas horas que pase en este juego, mi opinión sobre el juego es… negativalas cosas negativas de este juego son: -partidas desbalanceadas -casi todas las partidas están llenas de hacker  (y lo peor es que no hay manera de reportar)-poca originalidad del juego (básicamente es una copia mediocre del ro2 y battlefield)-el juego esta lleno de bugs-el famoso “pay2win” -se puede decir que también este juego es muy pro-alemán. solo a los alemanes les dan buenas cosas, mientras que a los demás puras ♥♥♥♥♥♥s nerfeadas . de lejos uno de los peores juegos de la 2gm que he jugado.  lo mas triste es que cuando lo empecé a jugar por primera vez (por el 2014 creo) se veía que era un juego prometedor, y que tenia futuro, pero tras pasar los años, uno se da cuenta de que la compañía del juego “reto” es bastante incompetente . realmente no lo recomiendo, solo pasaras malos ratos sufriendo por partidas desbalanceadas, hackers, bugs masivos y un contenido mediocre que el juego te ofrece. pésima experiencia de juegosi quieres jugar un buen juego de la 2gm, juega ro2, mil veces mejor que esta ♥♥♥♥♥♥ de juego.
multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing crap but with exo zombies it an alright game
not really worth the $10 i bought it for.
4.5/10
4.5/10
3.5/10
f***ing ♥♥♥♥
very slow and annoying that you cant skip a lot of the cut scenes. i am not very far into the game but after your first achivemnt it stops giving you hints on how to kill the person and you have to figure out random stuff. like killing gene, the map tells you to go straight to where gene is but first you have to stop and get the screw driver from the other guy, but to figure that out i actually had to look it up online. not much fun and very slow
i have no clue how people play this piece of ♥♥♥♥ it basically scrams "we are microsoft. give us your money"
im still waiting for steam to allow you to sell games
nao vale a pena comprar so para jogar casual poruque o por colocacao so tem hack
do not buy this game. as of 20 january 2016, netherrealm studios has officially ended support for mortal kombat x on pc. - no improved netcode- no kombat pack 2 (leatherface, bo'rai cho, triborg, xenomorph)- no new stages- no mortal kombat xl bundleand i was looking forward to this xl bundle, such a waste.
games for windows live is cancer
is not compatible with windows 8. 4.99 dollars ♥♥♥♥ing wasted.
hear me out i feel if you've never played tf2 you could get used to this game, but if you have played tf2 then you will not enjoy this. i noticed alot of servers werent even full and the ones that were are laggy, not bad laggy but when your fighting its a huge streak the will just freeze everything. i sort of enjoyed this game it is very much like tf2 but different, also if you have played tf2 your skills will not transfer you will be like the normal bad player in tf2. over all i give this game for people who havent played tf2 a 8/10 but for the ones who have a 5/10. i dont recomend buying this game but if you put alot of time and effort you will master team fortress classic.
it use to be playable but now its not because of how good looking they made the graphics in this game look back then the graphics looked bad but it was playable so yeah dont buy the game unless you got a good fast computer
controls are weird and horrible and hard to use as ♥♥♥♥ theres no single player story mode like super sonic acrobatic rocket powered battle cars had
if you like reading then this game is for you, if not then don't buy this game cause there is like no ♥♥♥♥ing gameplay in it!
stop feeding me with microtransactions pls
dont buy unlesss you are prepared to pay another 20 dollars for a less than average shooter with guns and terroistsor you can pay nothing and risk getting a virus ^.^but seriously dont buy without getting counter strike source or you will have way less fun in multiplayer
i am a women, ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ imma kill myself, i have been ♥♥♥♥♥ like 20 times in this guys sex dungeon.
game ♥♥♥♥
it doesn't work.might be my video card or something but it just doesn't work.the worst part is there is no fixes online. ive checked but nothing.0/10.
at least its better than cod
.......why
meh, it's okay i just don't like it. not really alot to do and basicly yolo in this game.
simply terrible....
the fact that you have to download some uplay crap makes me just literally uninstall the game immediately.the framerate was utterly terrible and it seems the key control response seems way off.after 0.5 hours of this game i did a "rage quit" and uninstalled it.
friends: "hey, wanna play ages of empires ii?!"me: "ah, don't you mean you want to play chop wood simulator?"
its a fun and exciting game, unfortunately anyone who has a semi - decent computer will even have trouble running and playing the game, with enourmous ping levels and an average of 4 fps
generic as crap
i know i will get alot of hate for saying this, but this game.. is the biggest pile of ♥♥♥♥ ever, it is nowhere near finished, zombies still dont drop anything, zombies still walk through walls, and doors, and everything else, and of course the millions of annoying new features they add instead of fixing the zombie issues, like how about.. freezing to death, while bleeding to death, while starving to death, while being chased by zombies who hit you from 10 feet away, and also take around 100-200 hits to kill because most of those hits either miss, dont do anything, or are weakened because your weapon decides that it wants to take a break and sends your fists out instead.
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
gave up after 20 minutes of being stuck inside a sunken boat.  restarted then followed a shark for 5 minutes slashing it whit a knife and couldn’t kill it so i threw my knife in the ocean and tried to drown myself but got impatient and quit.
wtf is this crap. waste money stimulator.
the mind-♥♥♥♥ing worst game you could every play! ♥♥♥♥ bp.tf ♥♥♥♥ everything in tf2 . if u are gonna download this ♥♥♥♥... don't
probably the worst game i have ever played on steam. unlike depression quest where you at least get a few different endings, this game is a mixture of poorly drawn deviantart material with boring text. unlike depression quest, no matter which option you choose, it's usually the same ending.
a dlc em si, e boa sim, o fato que me deixou muito p u t o com ela é as mascaras é do personagem jimmy, eles vem nessa dlc, mas para você jogar com ele você tem que ter na sua biblioteca steam o hotline miami 2, então veja bem, você tem que pagar por uma dlc e um jogo, isso achei uma p u t a sacanagem dos produtores do jogo, mas a dlc em si é bem legal.
this is honestly a pay-to-win unless you are willing to spend 50 hours grinding newbs.
amazeballs. 10/10
wut
pretty fun game, but there is a huge range of problems. definitely not worth 60 usd at the moment. you probably want to wait until a lot of stuff gets added in + fixed first.
♥♥♥♥ing make it ♥♥♥♥ing free people have been killing themselves becuase they are upset they cant buy it
bad
i don't kile it
*♥♥♥♥ poor ai*laggy as ♥♥♥♥, even with low graphical settings*unfairly hard (it's never your fault for dying)*stupidly slow weapons*driving causes crashes
i like this game but i ♥♥♥♥ing hate is your ♥♥♥♥ing stupid glitches and every time i have to refresh the whole game
can you please fix the game its always glitching and it close after a some time
takes away life. tis good ginger. that is all.
it wont launch no matter what
absolutely terrible, only worth a dollar. an unoriginal buggy piece of crap.
steam if u can read this i wont my mother ♥♥♥♥ing money back... the game was working now it dosent even work so i wont my ♥♥♥♥ing $15 back if anyone reads this then dont this ♥♥♥♥ ass game
este jogo nao pegou  quando eu vo joga ele abre o menu e nao responde mais nao sei o problema alguem me ajuda
russian favouritism.the advanced defenders pack is a joke.unrealistic cheap shots everywhere.until it's heavily updated don't get it.
this game is terrible the guns suck and its stupid.
i dont like this game and the reason for why 1 health system u can die very easily/fast 2 hard to get items because u keep getting spawned camped and 3 after playing for like 1 hour u start to get board of just getting spawned killed or the game in general
devilian ruined everything for me all of my friends play it i play it sometimes but there addicted to it and now i cant play with anyone devilian f you this game is pretty much diablo but diablo was a game i liked to play and play it alot u copyed diablo and it makes me mad because i loved diablo and i played it a bunch i look at what my friends are playing almost everyday its devilian devilian ruined my life good job developers.
got vaced
do you want cancer? no? then don't buy this game.
edit:  if you want me to give my honest opinion, i don't mind the game itself, apart getting extremely boring on the early nights it has a pretty creative storyline, gives a good scare and has a bit of strategy to it.the thing that murdered it? the fandom.i won't go too in-depth but basically the fandom is absolutely horrendous and shares too much in common with the minecraft fandom.gameplay: 6/10fandom 4/10a simple game with a good concept... that got ruined by hundreds of thousands of little children. gg
dont buy it. it is not whort 20$$
q1.游戏没办法启动？a1.1.朕觉得电脑只能开doa5lr，其他的程式都应该关掉2.安安，朕觉得你家电脑配备太烂了喔3.朕觉得游戏只能装在c槽，其他的硬碟都是垃圾( ′_>`)q2.最多可以几个人一起在离线模式玩？a2.四个人，但是朕不保证所有的手把都支援( ′_>`)q3.要怎麼调整画质跟声音的设定？a3.朕觉得在游戏开始前设定就够了，进了游戏就不能改( ′_>`)q4.没办法改变键盘的按键设定？a4.朕觉得朕的按键设定是宇宙间最完美的，所以不提供修改你也不能改( ′_>`)q5.可以有几个游戏的存档？a5.一个steam帐号只能创一个存档，换了steam帐号存档会变另一个新的。朕觉得不支援成就系统、不支援steam云端、不能改键盘设定，所以你不是很需要复数存档。q6.存档放在哪边？a6.朕放在我的文件里面，而且你不能改也不应该改( ′_>`)q7.可以用别人的存档吗？a7.朕不准，所以你不能( ′_>`)q8.游戏跑起来很lag？a8.调低解析度关掉所有特效，朕觉得可能会有些帮助( ′_>`)q9.全萤幕模式没办法顺利启动？a9.朕觉得doa5lr是全宇宙最好的游戏了，所以你应该改变电脑的解析度来配合它( ′_>`)街机版改版移植 当然是ps4版的价格没有两个新场地 特效只有ps3版等级实体版没有光碟 预购没有预购特典泳装手把不支援振动 没有成就跟云端系统线上对战没做好 没有欧派柔软引擎发售日特别延后 没有新的破衣特效一切都是为了最好的游戏体验 best experience！！
神tm的垃圾游戏，侮辱我的库存
no thanks, regret buying
meh :p
gah i just can't get around the controls and combat and how annoying alotof things get. i clearly jump over the fire and still get hit in midair. there's just not enough abilities and skills. i want to be able to smash in buttons and combo like a madman. but in abyss there's only few attacks that don't really do much, having to rely alot on specials. it's not a bad game i just don't like it's combat system.
can't rate a game if i can't play it.1. it's not in english, i have no clue ♥♥♥♥ing why. << fixed2. crashing after loadup. << fixed3. menu doesn't loadup either. << fixed but still crashes randomly mid-game.now that i've actually made it in-game. after having to change the launcher code, it's a decent game and the similarity between darksouls and lotf are spot on. dodging mechanics, one-handed/two handed-mode and not being to greedy with boss fights and planning out routes and enemies patterns.the castles and armor styles are pretty damn amazing i must say though that's for sure.only thing that worried me the most was huge fps drop even though i'm playing on a 780ti gtx geforce nvidia. and you would sometimes crash mid-game, not sure why still.can't give this an up just yet until some patches/fixes come to the game, for the time being ill keep playing.
not even worth playing anymore. it has gone way to pay to win. when i first started this it was actually viable, i just recently came back and unless you're going to pay loads of $$$ then you're not going to get very far. most traps,monsters and other stuff you can get for your castle for defences are locked and you'll need to either buy the infinite pack or unlock each one using ingame special currency which costs real $. and having to validate your castle is what annoys me the most since you have use your own hero to validate, which means you have to clear your castle without dying. if you die then it wont validate, you can pay to get the community to validate your castle but that also costs $$ because you can only use special ingame currency inorder for the community to validate it for you. you can ask your clan to validate it for you (if you can manage to get in one) but almost all clans have requirements so goodluck with that, you need around 500-1000 crowns for people to acutally accept you into a clan which takes a considerable amount of time and fustration. since if you lose in any sort of way you lose crown and quite a lot of crowns depending on where you try to attack. and people can plunder your castle so that also means you can still lose crowns even when you're offline or online. unless you got loads of cash to throw at this game, don't bother.
the game is the same as the origonal realease, except with so many little bugs added in that it is truely infuriating trying to play. i really enjoyed age of mythology so when i saw this i was rather excited, i expected it to be at least a slight improvement and was thouroughly dissapointed. i am glad i purchased this while it was on sale,  because i do not believe it is worth the full price. i regret paying even the $10 that i did.please save yourself the time and money and just do not buy this. it is not worth it.
i found better stuff on newgrounds and am actively ashamed to have this on my account
♥♥♥♥ing stupid i lost all my progress i was up to last prison and now i have to start again
simplesmente um jogo desgraçado, a jogabilidade dessa ♥♥♥♥♥ é horrível, a sniper .50 ñ mata com um tiro mesmo no modo hc (hard core), esses filhos da ♥♥♥♥ ñ souberam fazem um jogo q presta, esses bandos d arrombados, eu quero q eles vão para inferno esses bando de cuzões!!!!!!!!!     mas mesmo assim eu ñ sei como eu ainda jogo essa ♥♥♥♥♥!!!
i've wasted 185 hours of my life playing this ♥♥♥♥!!
uma verdadeira ♥♥♥♥♥!! :p
uma ♥♥♥♥♥, 12,50 jogados fora!! fps d bosta
plays game does tutorial grows tumor on the ♥♥♥♥12/7r76856757
no this stupid game banned me from csgo because they think i hacking
at least its free
这款游戏对于那些非粉丝玩家就是一部烂作，我是漫威粉丝，虽然不能说烂但是它太令我失望了。首先没有中文，你让中国粉丝怎么办？人物建模太简陋了，像手游，但是不如未来之战，操作有些麻烦，优点特别少。除了战斗画面和免费以外就没什么了
orrible
this suck thats all deal with it!
cant even start the freaken game.
game does not start up at all, i have tried verifying it but still no luck, absolute ♥♥♥♥
leauge of leggins is bested
0/10 needs more hats
i watied four years for this game. and no one on pc can play it!!!!!!!!! this needs too be fixed, now!!
pros:- seems like it would be funcons:- crashes on game start
ganhei essa ♥♥♥♥♥ de um amigo até que me diverti um pouco no inicio,afinal foi de gratis mas depois de um tempo ficou uma bela bosta...vale muito mais apena quardar um dinheiro e comprar dayz que mesmo em alpha é muito melhor que esse jogo....
a
download the game;try to play it;try clicking on "new game";destroy my mouse clicking on it;does not even start.10/10 would install and buy a new mouse.
pretty much a dota 2 clone
nice game but when raiden fights shao kahn its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
whenever i attempt to download, ark decides that it will just launch my game instead... can't recommend until a fix is found.
there are no australian servers.... kinda rascist
this game, can be good at times, don't get me wrong. it can also be enjoyable, and playing with friends is great too, but there are some majour issues that need to be addressed. for example, for some reason (and not just me) when ever your ping starts to f*ck up, so does your fps, you can be running normally at ultra at 60fps on a 980 (like me) and then just randomly get fps drops that you think is just ping lag, before you realise, nope its your computer. i know somebody with a 980ti that also has the same problem. that's not the only problem, for some reason, i had these huge lights that were apearing out of no where, and almost making me blind. the pc au servers, are also, terrible (at least there dedicated this time) but still bad, you can one round have the best ping, and then next, awful ping, and my internet isn't even that bad (and i have australian internet ahha). the games killing system and aiming could also be improved... *doesn't help that im not that good of an aim ahah* but still after playing cs:go for example, i can be doing well in that, and finding that when i get killed its "oh okay, fair enough" and when i get a kill "well that was good" in bo3, its like when you get killed "omg what the f*ck, hes hacking omg thats so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t" and when you get a kill "no way i got that?" and thats just a few things to name. it's also very buggy, and you can tell that it has been rushed, either that or its just a bad console peasent to pc port. i had high hopes for this game, and im not impressed, at all. i did enjoy zombies though and found that enjoyable, and is most likely keeping me from refunding it, its just mp need's to be improved alot. cheers
really really bad mod, lags a lot, movement is fast at the start, but then, when you get inside, it's slow and laggy, and the ending boss? oh, you know, i lost my weapons, and when i try to go into the box filled with weapons, i'm already dead, i can't kill the boss, no one should get this mod, it's the worst mod i have ever seen and played
bad writing, gameplay, visuals. only made bearable by mods.
please welcome the sequel to 'watch grass grow', its 'watch a giant, floating, sentient space rock grow'! now with trees!every 5 hours of playtime gets you one completely useless prop for free!
well i played this and got aids
cant get pass the main menu lmao.
broken
bem loko
the first click is always the hardest, had to clean the screen.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
das spiel ist gut ich finde es aber schlecht das man einefach ohne grund vac gebant wird
doesnt work i want a full refund i payed full price for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i loved this game ever since punkbuster now im not able to join any multiplayer games so i whant a refund
o grafico é muito bom e os heróis muito bem feito. mas o jogo em si eu achei muito curto e tambem muito enjoativo. porisso nao vale apena comprar esse jogo
no começo e viciante mas depois fica muito injoativo as missões
pouca jogabilidade
poxa fui banido por vac sendo q nem estava usando nenhum chet (hack) porque isso
bad
no, just no
the game has a lot of problems, and i am going to list a few of them. character facing the wrong side. ( this is probably a bug ) no tutorial. difficulties playing with keyboard. ( some of the movements that you may want to learn ( located in waza ),   requires a controller to execute but fret not, there is a way to learn all the movements ) if you double tap your d key, it will dash forward. however, tapping excessively may cause it to continuously dash. occasionally, whenever i am in the menu ( in game menu, not the title screen menu ), my game may go into spasm mode, denying me from saving the game to selecting what i am going to train next.is there a saving grace for this game? yes there is, make such amendments to the file, kmslot1 ( not going to go into full detail since there is guide for this ), and max out your stats. however, there is still a low - moderate probability of you getting your ♥♥♥ beat by the ai.
um i just spent $95 grand to fully refill ammo and got absolutely no ammo?
awesome game but the only bad thing is its the same as tf2 but just re-skin of characters. so im putting it as a thumbs down. sorry for the people who like it.
not really a good game, its pretty boring and i wish there were more game modes. its overpriced and has some bugs that need fixing. it still has a good gameplay but i wish it was better. in conclusion its a 4.5/10
as a fan of the call of duty franchise i have to say i'm very disapointed in black ops 3. not to brag but i was very good at the other call of duty games but the mix of jetpacks, sliding and wall running all with the same mechanics as the old call of dutys just does not work for me. i've played about 10 multiplayer games so far and have had no fun what so ever. gun customization would have been great if they added a free draw tool instead of having to move various shapes and size them correctly. originally i bought the game for zombies. shadows of evil (only map so far) is very different from other cod zombies i have played and has a massive area. ive played 3 games and continuously get lost in the maze of zombie filled streets, downing countless times far away from my team mates. as for graphics, my geforce 740m couldnt handle the high graphic setting so i had to lower everything including shadows, player models and textures down to medium and my render quality to 80% in order for me to have smooth game play. to finish of this review i'm going to conclude that im disapointed in this new addition to the series and i hope they can release a ww1 or ww2 game or maybe even anoth mw. i didnt mind advanced warfare but bo3 certainly puts the icing on the cake then just ♥♥♥♥ing picks up the cake and throws it out the window onto your neighbour's cat who then screams in agony because it's allergic to chocolate so you have to go to the vet with your grumpy old neighbour and finally after 20 minutes of waiting you are given the news from the vet that the cat will never see. your neighbour is extremly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and start to pull out his gun but you pull your magnificent gun which is designed with a ♥♥♥♥♥ spirting ♥♥♥♥♥ out of your back pocket and fire 20 bullets into his skull only to find out you had monitor lag and he shoots you twice and somehow kills you. that kiddies is why you should not wastes over 40 bucks on this game, go buy mw...
this game will make you lose your mind..the people no..scratch that the community sucks! there cannot be another other worse community i have ever seen loaded with ♥♥♥♥♥♥, hoggers,wise guys,braggers and best of all smart asses..they spend loads of money on the game but play like complete ♥♥♥♥ and play to kil steal...they are know as the pieces of ♥♥♥♥ that has made dota the game that is is today..well done community well done round of appluse for creating this pieces of ♥♥♥♥ that play dota with us..thank you
soo trippy and hard
this ♥♥♥♥ing game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ someone will kill u at start of round and they dont get ban then u kill them at start of next round and u get banned ♥♥♥♥ u valve ♥♥♥♥ cunts
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ game waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money do not buy it is rubbish
...
this game sucks the actual ♥♥♥♥ off of your mums ♥♥♥...its shocking me off my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
not very good early game bandits have rifles and aibots that kill you in 2 shots that you get robbed and lose all your troops.gg well played you lost in the first 5 minutes.
pay to win
dear gearbox,we both know that borderlands is a great series. so why aer you killing it? clearly your use of 2k australia to produce to the produce the game while you develope battleborn is a scam to steal my money. dlc is what makes borderlands games what they are. are you telling me that this piece of bs is good dlc? are out of your freaking mind? rather than waste time building arenas, why don't you actually make another story and add some much needed weaponry. oh and do not give to 2k australlia. they already took all the funny humor out of borderlands. you really don't need them.yours truly,skitz
this game does not work this is some really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at
i love playing this game at 5 fps....
a good game to have a good time on!
trash
since the update of "hotfix 8.1 patch" 10/29/2015 around 6:00pm, the game started showing errors and malfunction. it says "searching for session" and you will have to wait for 3mins then it will close like no ♥♥♥♥ has happened. this wasn't like this man! i don't like that... when you put the "region option" it started to go wrong... remove that fu**** option!!! >:(
if i start the game im stuck in a boat and i cant do anything please fix it!!!
画面 8.5分/10分 剧情 5分/10分1.首先画面和优化很赞，代入感很强，虽然每个区域都有沙漠，但是各有特色，不同的山和峡谷开车逛逛感觉也很不错，但是设定和刺客信条极度相似。开放世界，每次将气球升到最高处才能获得一片区域的视野和建筑。2.剧情任务给我感觉十分无聊，就是到营地里杀杀小兵，捡些scrap,小兵基本长得一样，偶尔有个拿盾牌的，把该炸掉的炸了基本就完了。3.战斗系统没有什么变化，那一套连招狂点左键加格挡已经无敌了，4.武器系统只有散弹枪 狙击枪，散弹枪用起来手感巨差，射速慢，子弹少。5.车辆改装大赞，不过没耐心的人到处跑图收集零件也是很无奈的。6.总之，作为一款电影游戏，画面还原的不错，剧情和电影中基本没有交叉，剧情和战斗没有太多新意，收集要素太多，不适合没耐心的玩家。
was a very good game during beta,unless planetary weapons have been balanced, such as the planet-destroying laser, the game is lopsided.would not recommend unless changes are made, as initial leader in unit fabrication will most likely develop this planet laser first. as the weapon has no use limit, you are free to destroy every planet until the enemy command comes to your planet.i wish the beta was back :(
本来好好的一个游戏！！玩了1年多了！开始为了手雷买了dlc，后来想突突突买了机枪dlc，再然后买了狙击dlc和零件dlc！！！总感觉还行！！！现在更新尼玛赤裸裸的在圈钱啊！！！！2015年9月钱的payday2真心好评~现在差评！！！！想钱想疯了！！！！写这个评测只是来表示payday2曾经纯洁过！！！
when i first played this game, i joined a server, got some wood, made some armour and weapons and then made a nice house. then one day i was in the forest looking for food and some guy attacked me and killed me for my pants. this was fine, i got the rest of my gear back and then went to sleep in my house.when i joined again someone had killed me in my sleep and taken all my stuff.fml0/10edit***nothing rusts
i saw one hammer in this game and it was on the home screen0/10
there were very few mirrors0/10
it did not rain.0/10
this game is f0k1ing bad youll get flaged but the ai wont they dont guve a f0k this game sucks
存档问题已把我虐哭~~~~~~~~
well since i got vac banned for no accurent reason....it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks...watch out people this game will ban you if you not hacking
this game could be great. it just need more work... so i recommend not buying it yet wait until its done.
♥♥♥♥
it's sad that it had to be really cr@p...
cant even find server very disapointed not worth even a tf2 key which i payed for in a trade... devs get your act together go to ign or somthing tell em' you got some awsome update that will fix this game, lower price to $2.5-$5 or go f2p and use cosmetic buys but dont make it pay 2 win... (tactical intervention) you will get attention trust me guys i played this on xbox and really enjoyed myself. the mayjor problem is that the game punishes us pc players, i mean it freaking launced in window mode, window mode. needs more resolution options! (i hate black bars) no aus server, at all i played for ten minutes 3 minutes trying to fix options and 2 minutes in a 300 ping eu server then the game crashed and now im cross! i dont think you devs will see this please, please fix this game :( again has potential and it is a great back to bacics shooter i also enjoy the bullet lighting it gives it a cool look.
é engraçado mais é mto tosco kkkkkkkkkk steam e seus semi nudes ai
jugue dos horas de juego, no pude seguir avanzando, el juego no deja nada claro, aparte, trate de seguir luego de varios intentos un gameplay sin lograr resultados... pesimo
♥♥♥♥ quit1ban 6 map 
shot a girl, started levitating.got killed.11/10don't waste you $2, buy a drink instead.i get scared about how bad this game is.
i have a couple of things to say about this game:1. this game is probably not worth playing and i'd rather move on to watching bamboo grow, or my skin to peel away, or my toenails rot2. honeslty i reckon that the trailor for this game is better than anything else in the actual game.3.your probably gonna have less lag playing skyrim on ultra-high graphics on a cheap 1990 nokia phone then you will playing this on a $10,000 customised, top of the line computer with nasa wifi speeds.is this game all that bad, y-e-s. but there is some actually very important stuuf in this for examplethis game helped teach my younger brother how to uninstall a game on steam... bless you, jagex <310/10 would rather pay $15 to uninstall this game than to buy it...
team mates are either pros or useless all about luck of what team you get put with
the only thing that ruined this game was that after you buy an item you get a certain amount of time with it.
*sigh* worst game ever i want a refund no kidding i want a refund of my money back from this game
this game sucks....
umm..... i don't own this game xd lol
=/ cara muintos erros nessa a tualização
uma ♥♥♥♥♥ so tem hacker nesse jogo tudo é pago melhor deleta o jogo e compra um suco de laranja com pai de familia de brinde ou compra ace of spades
max payne 3
kill me
if i were to sho my self or play this game, i'd make sure that i'd empty the entire clip
don't get me wrong this game is fun (even with the grinding) but when the hell are they gonna release this for other os systems. i played this on a windows computer and got a mac recently. i was glad that most of my games were cross platform but wtf warframe this game is so fun please make a mac compatible
เหี้ยชิบหายกุแค่เน็จกูโดนฉบน7วันอะสัสเกมเหี้ยเกมกากกระหรี่steam
lo bueno que se podria decir acerca de este juego es el sombrero de tf2 mas nada...
ni me carga, se queda pegado como si fuera gta 15125365 y lo estuviera jugando en una piedra
every now and then a game with a really cool concept gets put on steam and i play it and i have fun. rise of flight united is a great example of a good game being screwed over entirely by one feature. that feature is the dread microtransactions, the lifeblood of free games and the terrible part of gaming. at the start of the game you have 3 planes or so, thats all the planes you have unless you want to pay $20 dollars for four stupid planes!!! four!!! the game is good overall but technically only 3 planes in the damn game i can not reccomend this.
don’t be fooled like me! i pre-ordered assassin’s creed unity the day it came out on steam. i paid $74 aus for a game my pc should be able to run but crashes and lag make this game ultimate ♥♥♥♥. poor effort ubisoft  poor effort.
why is it not working
dead game no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111111111111
why is my papers please not working?
doesnt even fricken work
esse jogo e tao lixo q parece q eu n esstava jogando nada ( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is game
antes este juego era la raja... hasta que llego el p2w
nice
this game was interesting when i very first started it but got boring easy. i dont recommend downloading this game sorry guys :(
diziam que ia ser tão bom quanto o de ps2 , mintira !! pobre amigo da vizinhança ! 05/10 -ign
la ♥♥♥♥♥♥ de juego, simpre en todas todas las partidas va a terer 17836123471248 de lag
账号建一个封一个，3次了，啥也没干每次玩了几小时第二天就被封了，简直莫名其妙
game randomly shuts and then gives u 7 day bans.microsaft is better.
you will be spending 99% of your time in the queue and when you do get to play, it is mostly with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
i forget my plassword
pretty ♥♥♥♥!
so the dlc gives you a bunch of weps that are overpriced and 8 masks that you need to get an achevement fori rate the dlc 3/10
somehow the game won't fetch my profile
mal juego. servidores lageado. muy poca gente. nada inovador. malos graficos. no tiene nada bueno.
it's like minecraft
pros of the game:- fun times- hats- bread- international- competitivecons of the game:- pay to win game- its community- its economy- broken hitregs- at times too competitive
even though this is not original.....it still appliesatleast the uninstall works.
this is a game that you should put to shame. when your friends play this over other games...shame. when they spend real money on this....shame when they even speak of the name.....shame.planetside 2 is shame to what it use to be....shamethis is a waste of life...a waste of data....a waste of space which makes me want to shame it.
era un buen juego.las animaciones son perfectas, con algunas que tienen bugs en determinado momento, buenos sonidos, mecanica, etcya no se puede jugar porque todas las armas nuevas necesitan creditos.se transformo en una especia de p2w... mas o menos.
searching for matches average of waiting are like ages, and such wasting time.
no more old rust so ♥♥♥♥
i dont recommend this game to anyone it sucks big time if you are a noob and have no life u should get this game
why won't it start! someone help me!
i got vac banned from cs:go, but i aint mad, i got a copy of it right here
the game is quite good but it needs more potential, more atmoshpere and maybe add the option to run aswell your protagonist moves extremely slow and your first objective takes hours to complete and the map seems quite large for beginners, where do we even know where to go? the brightness for this game is very low making the player struggle to see, the flashlight isn't as bright infact it's brightness is very low, the weather and biome make it very difficult to see, sure the games free but needs improvment the game is quite glitchy and buggy making the gameplay very difficult your sensitivity is low and the graphics are very bad and require improvment aswell the games atmosphere isn't great and i expected to meet into your antagonist aka slenderman while doing your first objective the games making it like slender isn't even included it just reveals the vandilism he's caused ,it's difficult to find him infact he doesn't even make an appearence in the game that much as said it just reveals the vandilism he's caused, in conclusion to make this game better it just needs some tweaks and improvments to advance it's gameplay a little.
why is the game download only 12gb or so, yet the usage of disk space is 64gb?? (no workshop mods either)
worst assassin class i've ever seen in my entire life
.
'just play minecraft'
best crash simulator 10/10
didnt work on my pc dont know why
this game is terrible gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
very laggy graphics are not that great
deberian sacar este juego de la galeria de steam no hay nadie jugandolo.....
♥♥♥♥en ♥♥♥♥
scumbag money grabbing devs don't finish their game before releasing paid for content. it took a while for the devs to show their true colors.beware if you intend to buy this game you should know that the devs priority is not to finish the game, not to optimise or polish their product. their priority is to drain every shekel from the playerbase with the minimum required effort.
i do not recommend this game to people who have low end pcs because it is not optimized at all.
it does not launch, and i recomend getting episodes from librity city
this game is stupid
dang it. why did i let myself get fooled by the trailer.i really wanted to like this game, i really did. and it looks so good in the trailer, lightsabers, mechs, dinosaurs. sounds like a recipe for fun.unfortunately tons of velociraptors in your face that instantly blur because the textures blow isnt fun.guns that have a muzzle flash after you fire isnt fun.no tutorial what so ever isnt fun.microtransactions arent fun.and gameplay elements that are terrible.i gave up playing as a velociraptor in thirty seconds because you cant strafe so the only thing to do to a human is run right at them. no way to out manouver, and considering the humans can kill you in two seconds..even as a human the game felt grindy and unpolished. you can unload tons of ammo into the larger dinosaurs and get no results and not even anything to let you know they are taking damage apart from some out of place looking numbers on the screen and a bad looking blood splatter.now, i don't usually care if graphics are bad.but i want my bulltes to line up with my fire, i want to not be the wrong colour and have no textures for three seconds after spawning, i want what feels like a complete game for my money.at this tage, i have to recomend you save yourself tha embarassment of trusting this game to deliver.edit:ok they have recently made an update that seems to follow a particular theme, that theme, is that the devs are doing what they can to provide continual suuport, adn are constantly improving the game, basically all the issues i covered here have been fixed. so the game is ok now.
this game!just downloaded this but cant even go onkeeps disconnecting me from servers,would delete 10/10
wtf i download the game then play for 1 hour then i get off then come back an hour later then i go to play but then it askes for acctivation code wich i did at the start then i put it in and it says that someone has already used the code and know i cant play because its saying that another account has used it so now i cant play this probable ever again ?thanks alot!
♥♥♥♥ you game
no, just no
模型一般，只有3个默认的垃圾枪。。。新枪只能是自己花钱买1个星期。。。好武器打遍天下。。。比腾讯的cf还要垃圾。。。
mac一直打不开游戏。。。。一直就是loading。。。。。。
mac一次都没有成功打开过游戏。。。
bit.trip fate is a game that honestly made me really angry that i paid $1 for this game. even though i got this game while it was on sale i still cannot begin to describe how this game irritated me. first off, the game is ever so pointless making you feel like every second you spend playing it is just time you'll never get back. two, the game looks lousy. i've played many pixel games that i've enjoyed but the pixelation was done so badly that i couldn't even tell what was going on. overall, i found this game nothing more than a pain. if this game ever goes on sale, stay as far away as possible!
it does not work on my mac platform i demand a refund
unplayable on mac downloaded mods deleted them still would not work see a problem considering i spent $13 usd on this. fix it
sucks its a rip off from leage of legends but with less choices
it want's you to sighn up to a scoial club and then crash's or does not start and no matter how much you tube video's to fix this problem nothing works im on windows 8 and it does not work so i dont recomend but it does look good but have never played once i got up to the tital screen clicked play and it crashed i want my money back and it is just not good enof like i said im on windows 8 and if you want to give me a sulution pls respond to this and send me a steam message and everyone that i asked hade the problem they said reinstall so i did and nothing happend just the same thig
not working i need help
great skin for the wings but the weapon is terrible honestly i just use the lava cannon but the skull is just innefective and overpriced
game is noob
dont buy this game if u live in my/sg because you can't find any low-ping server.my ping is always 200-300 never found a match with 100++ ping.
please fix this i have no maps and no ae4 and it won't install
once a game amongst legends.now relegated to compete with call of duty: infinite warfare as the biggest jokes in gaming for 2016.edit: servers are now infested with hackers since valve took away our ability to kick people. 10/10 would not recommend this game as of this edit.
poorly optimized crap,run at 40 fps on gtx 760  4 gb on lowest setting and stutter every 1 second
the campaign in this game is actually fun,i have to admit the story is actually great,but this game have a lack of performance,i get stutter alot on my gtx 760 which is the recommended graphic card and i have to lower all of the setting to medium/low to make the stutter less noticeable(that doesn't mean the stutter gone) and some host problem,i always get into 800 ping matches and some time i got into a modded lobby and get my rank resetted which is frustating
i hate it because there are ♥♥♥♥ing trolls
bad
it sucks
♥♥♥♥♥♥
i was hoping to really love this game, but unfortunatley after playing it for only a short while i have to agree with most of the other reviews. the graphics are abysmal; actually worse, by far, than graphics in games 10 years ago. to put that in context, this year we will celebrate half life 2's 10th anniversary. maybe i just have slow internet (thanks abbott) but seeing other players move around without even an attempt at leg animation is disconcerting.following on, the servers are slow as all hell. if you do manage in a semi timely fashion to find and log onto a server, assuming the slow response time hasn't basically frozen your mouse, you will be greeted with some of the worst lag you've ever seen. be forewarned fair traveller, you will think it's a one-off lag problem. verily it is not. i have never actually tolerated this much lag in a game and it seems to be a pretty standard part of nether so there's that. this of course makes combat a frantic button mash with little to no skill.at first i thought this might be why i can't seem to move smoothly, but then i realised that the entire world has been put together so half-assedly that physically conected land elements (like a floor and a ramp) might require you to jump over some imaginary partition holding them together. clipping is, as you can imagine, basically just part of the ambience at this point.then there's the game itself. it seems to have no idea how games are meant to work. there are safezones where you spawn when you die. in theory, in a safezone you can't use weapons, can't die, and the nether can't get in. this will periodically cease to be true and you have to run around repairing the anti nether devices. as a noob, you will be the only one running around repairing anti-nether devices. everyone else can survive without them just fine. when you aren't running for your life from aliens, which teleport by the way, utterly ruining the point of a zombie survival game, you're couriering parcels from a to b in the vain hope that you can scrounge enough bits and pieces from these transactions to craft a semi decent weapon. none of this is immediatley obvious to you as the game has basically no explanation of anything at all.upon undertaking a task outside the safezone, you will rapidly become aware of the fact that the difficulty of the nether around you will in no way be tempered to suit your skill level or armoury leading me on my first run to take on a small nether army which included a golem (try to guess what they're like) with nothing by a can gun (one shot shotgun made from a spray can) and a sword. needless to say i died.on subsequent attempts i found fewer nether, which was great for me, but alas this came at the price of having other players around me. it turns out that the average nether player is cut from the same cloth as a day z player, and will galdy follow a n00b out of the safe zone for the explicit purpose of killing them and looting the $10 dollars they have. fortunately for them, since they tend to already have automatic weapons and heavy body armour, this is an enetertaining and low-risk sport. for those of us trying to figure out the game, it is not.in short, i have yet to find any element in this game which i think is good. you find eclectic items throughout the world, all of which are terribly rendered and usually look like an entire stash of discrete items, much to your chagrin. you sort of have to guess which ones can be combined at the weapon smith and into what. until then, you're lugging around 50kg of ♥♥♥♥ with no way to use it. things pop up on the screen which i'm sure are meant to be informative, but mean absolutely nothing if you haven't had it explained before, and when you start out, your chance of survival is approximately 0. since you spawn with nothing but what you could put into a global stash (i assume, this bit is a bit fuzzy) after dying, it makes it nigh on impossible to ever advance to any reasonable level. statistically any level of enemy can appear anywhere (except the reapers) and players have trained themselevs to see all non-tribe-members are walking goody-bags/piñatas. the game has a decent idea behind it, and if it were designed by competent designers and hosted on semi-decent servers, with a reasonable how-to guide, and some mechanism giving new players are fair shot, it'd be worth the $15. at this point though, i wouldn't even waste the bandwidth on it if it were free.
by now you're probably aware of the game's gimmick. it's an emotionally punishing morality based knock off of dark heart (apocalypse now) masquerading as a generic fps. the game aims to put you into a series of morally conflicting positions. situations you would likely have faced in many other fps's but it tries to humanise your opponents and confront you with the ramifications of your actions. cute. if you want to get a better idea of what the themes are and how they're implemented extra credits has two good videos about it on yt (one with, one without spoilers), if you can put up with the pretentious high-morality fapping to the game.so let's look at this one three levels: the morality mechanic, the themes of morality and ptsd from a narrative perspective, and the actual quality of the game play otherwisethe morality mechanicthe themes of morality manifest themselves as game mechanics when you periodically come across “moral” situations and have to make a decision about how to proceed. here's how they've utterly ♥♥♥♥ed it up: * at times, and one scene in particular everyone keeps raving about, you're presented the illusion of choice but no actual choice. you do the one thing the game lets you do, and are treated to what i assume was meant to be an emotional cut-scene to punish you for it. i cannot feel bad for doing the thing the game required. this isn't console players blubbering into their controllers, this is the pc master race. we've been dropping chemical weapons on civilians since postal. you gotta bring something better than that.* the majority of the time the game misleads you about your options. there are hidden “high morality” alternatives in a lot of cases. sure it's nice for the game to put explicit and hidden alternatives in, but the thing is you can just play the game the way the game tells you to and it still works fine. there's no reason to look for alternatives. in fact i'd've been more morally invested had i seen the high-morality option and still felt i needed to take the low morality choice.* and finally, and probably most egregiously: the moral choices you make seem so to have absolutely no impact on the game. why would i make the moral choice here? i'm trying to get from this level to the next one and i will shoot a civilian in the head if that's what the game says i need to do to progress the story. i absolutely loathe ending changes based on a morality meter (à la bioshock, dishonored) but if you implement a morality mechanic it needs to at least change the game-play somehow. the entire game seems to assume that everyone who plays a game like bf or cod must spend their entire time vacillating over how they could solve each problem in a moral way. i, like i think most normal pc gamers, just did what the game said i should do. i'm not interested in the lives of npc's who don't even get a name tag. i don't care. it's a game, it's a challenge to get from a to b. you need either really good storytelling or something particularly special to make me feel things, or harder still, to make my feelings factor into my game play style. the narrative themesthe terrible implementation into the game-play not withstanding, the artistic value here is pretty high. the story is kind of interesting, despite its obvious plot-holes, the way they represent constant descent, the psychosis colour schemes, loading screen accusations, the 4th wall breaking. they're not all immediately obvious, but they're there and they're pretty well thought out and it'll give you plenty to mull over and wonder about on a second play-through. while we're at it, the general visuals are pretty sweet actually, so good job there.the actual game-playi won't say that graphics don't matter, or that narrative doesn't matter, but i will say and i will defend this to the hilt, they matter less than mechanics. a game with a pretty poor delivery can still be good if its mechanics are solid. but the opposite is rarely true. spec ops: the line does not have good mechanics. i mean yes it's so so agonisingly obvious that this is a port from a console game, and it has what are pretty standard mechanics for a console game i guess so fine, but i'm sitting on pc, wondering why i spend half my time hiding behind a bench or wall or ornamental plant pot, taking turns to fire at enemies who are also hiding behind whatever debris magically happened to be there. the most tactical thing in the game is blowing up explosive barrels or taking advantage of the ridiculously contrived breaking-glass-to-unleash-an-avalanche-of-sand mechanic the whole handful of times the game remembered it wanted that to be a thing. a fortunately all the miniguns scattered around shopping centres can be turned around and used to mow down waves of suicidal enemies. your npc'sbut the worst, the absolute worst, and this i cannot forgive a game, are your npc's. in theory you have a sniper and a heavy and you can light up a target for them to take out. yeah good luck with that. they're useless as all hell, they get in your way a lot, by the time they eliminate a target for you, you could just have done it yourself since you need to have the reticle on the target anyway to tag them. but to top it off, if they get shot, you need to run in and revive them. and they have no idea of how to not get shot. ♥♥♥♥ stealth, these guys assume that not only are you going to speed-run-n-gun this game, but that you will somehow provide much better cover for them than mere concrete or sandbags ever could, so eschew both in favour of just sitting out in plain sight. possibly the worst example of npc's ruining any hope you have of making good tactical choices is one scene where you see a yacht in the desert. plenty of openings, no aerial cover, and a reasonable amount of open ground between you and it. open ground which has an inbound truck load of enemies. i wanted to stay put in my indestructible aircraft hull, with a box of nades, a box or ammo, high ground advantage, and crucially, one small controllable entrance. but my highly trained delta force sidekicks thought our only hope for survival would be to run like idiots for the yacht and then stay put half way when i didn't run with them. needless to say they got mowed down and i lost the game for not reviving them fast enough. if the game had let me i'd've shot them in the first 5 minutes and gone on alone but alas the point of the game seems less about killing the enemies and staying alive than it does basically babysitting two idiots with the survival instincts of a screamapillar through a war zone dodging bullets to shoot them full of adrenalin.final thoughtsover all the idea of the game was fine – put players in a situation where they question their actions despite playing a game, or even question their actions in all games. the problem is it didn't work, must like the “would you kindly” scene in bioshock, it didn't work. because i did what i did because that's how you make game progress. the designers may have tried to go meta and accept that players rage-quitting would just be one of their “endings”, or try to argue that the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics are there to fill you with a sense of unease to foreshadow the descent into madness theme, but really, it didn't work. good idea; implement it better. the visuals were stunning and some of the little bits and pieces of depression were nice (like the slowly decaying soldier in the menu screen) but the core mechanics were ♥♥♥♥, the game-play was highly linear, it was all cover based shooting, the shooting itself was clunky and frustrating, the npc's are worse than the enemy, and even the storyline needed tidying up. if you're making an fps, make an fps; once you've managed to do that well, then we can talk about themes and story. but at the end of the day morality does not belong in games. especially not shooters. they
it is evident from the start that this game is only intended to be played online. ideally, a game should be a perfectly good standalone with an online option for later once you've completed everything else and have become bored. this is the opposite. a multiplayer with a single player tacked on as an afterthought. ignoring the poor graphics and general design reminiscent of postal 2 and similar games which were never intended to be taken seriously, the design of the ai in this game is appaling. by far the worst i've ever seen. not only the enemy ai but your own team. no attempt was made to make the team anything more than backup muscle. team members can't be ordered to hold/attack positions or execute objectives. they follow you around stupidly and shoot at things which happen to stand directly in front of them, not even noticing when they are being repeatedly shot. the enemy ai is similarly stupid not noticing things in plain sight but they have the advantage of clipping through you and your team to get behind you very quickly. so there's that. not to mention overwhelming force.granted the game is designed to hold off violent confrontation as long as possible but with the ai the way it is, this is impossible. playing offline will guarantee police arriving within a minute and that would lead one to hope that the gunplay mechanics are at least decent. they are not. besides the lack of reticle (which, ok i can live with but is odd given the hit confirmation reticle) the aiming moving and shooting are all pretty bad. nothing horrendously wrong, but poor all round.on the issue of weapons however, it is impossible to pick up weapons from fallen cops and it's obvious that in order to enjoy a decent range of weapons you basically need to get the dlc. now i have a $20 limit on games and this is not about to convince me to break that limit any time soon and with the current discounts i can justify some of the dlc which would allow me to make the game at least presentable. wanting players to join the steam fanpage in order to unlock a bunch of basic gear is i feel rather ♥♥♥♥♥♥. it's a pretty low tactic to force people to be exposed to your promotions in exchange for making the one game they did buy semi-playable. a very dlc based experience and as such, a poor game.as for the levels, they're the same. i'll be doing a different job and running through the building on autopilot because i've seen it before except that the safe is in a different location now.and why does it keep updating? it feels like every time i start the game it needs to do an update. games should never be updated, make an optional patch, and distribute bugfixes asap but any major overhauls save for the sequel.all in all, i'm hoping that once i play multipler with friends (the only reason i was told to get the game) it'll become somewhat good, but as far as going it solo to try and build up those skill points goes, it is a painful painful experience, not even worth the bandwidth to download the base game imho.
the update doesnt download
although it is a beautiful and stunning game there were a few things which ruined the experence for me.1) it was hard to figure out what i was supposed to do or where i was supposted to go sometimes.2) lack of choices, i wanted to decide where i went, i can chose how i get there but not where i get to.3) stealth is pretty much non-existant.4) the police, this is the main reason i didn't like this game, i loved taking my time to look around and explore but the police forced me to continue, in some levels you have to run through a room of police without any clue of where your going which was frustrating.5) combat sucks, i hated how combat worked and in some levels it was required and "boss" fightsif you can get past all these things then you will deffinetly enjoy the game,it is cheap and interesting.
in it's current early access state it isn't enjoyible for me i was hoping it would be more like quake live's instagib ctf which it isn't. i tried to play my first game after doing the tutorial, me and my team couldn't do anything against the other team everytime they scored a goal someone else on their team would have the ball again within seconds. shooting people is hopeless, moving around is a pain and i didn't have a clue what i was supposed to do during an actual game even after i had finished the tutoral. just a frustrating experence overall. on a good note the game graphicly looks nice and is cheap, but that won't get me to buy it.
one word wallaby boots
a no for noobs and i am a noob
it sucks thats all
lo uviera recomendado antes de esta actualizacion, han eliminado la mayoria de las cosas que avia ahora nose que intentan hacer pero la an cagado en esta actualizacion ami opinion ahora quedo horripilante a como estaba antes....... pero espero que mejore
bag game cant ge launcher open and cant update
what if i was you and you where me?
pooopest game ever
worst game ever
无  dlc玩不起。。。。。。。。。。
when i launch it, it just comes up with the thing with parameters, and the other three options, how do i get into a mission or multiplayer!!!!
when i open up the game it gots stright to black screen please help
glichy as for me, doesnt work
moneyz
aids ranking system do not buy
this is a horrible game do not waste your money
when i first heard about thenew borderlands game i couldn't wait then when i got it i played about 3 hours of it and got bored when i first got borderlands 2 and borderlands 1 i loved it. when i installed borderlands 1 i played from 7 pm to 3 am with out knowing. but the the pre-sequel just didn't seem as interesting as the other games so im not going to waste any money of the pre-sequel and im going to play destiny on my playstation and play borderlands 1 and 2 on pc until the next borderlands game
ใช้ไงวะ
this once simple and fun game has gone proffesional and is now more suited to hardcore gamers as majority of it's fanbase focous on trading and betting. such a shame as counter strike used to be good. if you are either have a talent at moving your mouse fast or are extremely competitive this game is for you.
i recommend no if you use mac notebook, the game only supports mac desktop. overall the gameplay is simple and fun, if i could actually see what im doing. (i use macbook)
i loved team fortress 2 for many years now because of its huge amount of servers and very fast join sessions, now to become one of the "big boys" you must pay 10 dollars for competitive or else you'll be called fresh meat, join long ♥♥♥ queues that take over 5 minutes and trying your best to find a game without having a hacker/s problem thanks to the mym updatei loved that they listen to the community to add com there but personally i think they didn't do it to match everyone's expectation, i'm still playing the game but not that much anymore since then. i just hope valve fixes this cause i wanna play this game again
this game sucks, ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥ tf:go
not worth it!! pointless game and it's pretty stupid go into a server and then die with in 5 mins into it because there's tons of trolls and hackers when you dont have nothing on you its like no one wants to be friendly or help out id rather play dayz instead of having to pay to be better
this game would be worth it if the controls weren't so hard!
to be honest, complete waste of money, the game gets boring in 10 minutes... not even.
no se sabe como jugar
jogo de ♥♥♥♥♥
i imagine it would be an amazing game, you know, if it worked at all on windows 8.i purchased gta iv and eflc in a pack. gta iv works fine (after a bit of tweaking), eflc simply does not want to work, i suggest you wait for this game to fall in price (sales) before buying it just in case.
ainsley harriot
email confirmation is horrible. havent played yet!10/10 gamespot would email again but stuck in dimension of ingmar and tasers.
this game used to be very fun and i used to play this game a lot. however, with recent patches, the game now requires much more grinding and removed the fun element of everyone having an equal chance. players are able to exploit the system and this results in unfair gameplay. some with cpu barely making the mark are battling people whose cpu is just under the mark. this is extremely unfair. furthermore, this game is p2w, with many in-game compulsory stuff  having to be paid for. this game's "premium" is extremely overpowered, allowing new players to skip from a low-tier to a way higher-tier in mere hours. clearly, this game has lost what made it unique and is now also p2w, something that i am sure the steam community would not like as after all, this is supposed to be a "free-to-play" game.
this game is bad lelz 0.2 hours and there ya go :)
i hate this game it sucks so much it wont even let me go  the the home page of the game the game never works its the worst gay game ever i hate it so fuc*ing much that i want to kill my self i paid money for this shity game and ohh my god its horible dont ecen think about geting this game can someone come kill me so i dont have to go though this pain + this gmae is a rip off its 20 something dollars not whorth it it should be about 16 dollars you can tell how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i am because i just want to smase my compter and get rid of this game i wish i had a better life and not this pice of crap i bet that minecraft is better than this or et.the game and that game is ♥♥♥♥ but its still beter than this if i see this game again im ganna die!
worst gam3
no real gore here in aussie bogan land
this game is the worst trial to copy counter-strike, it hurts your brain.
i can't join any server! why!
when ever i load a new world with mods it crashes on the loading screen! please fix it!!!!!!!!
people who played gunz will hate it because it's not gunz.people who didn't play gunz will hate it because it's a horrible game.
tooo many ♥♥♥♥ing spastics
this is so bad i would be ashamed to let anyone else know it exists
sad sad ubisoft. don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful, extensive, and immersive game. it is an above ground and underwater city builder with complex city management and trade.  however, uplay is a horrendous gaming network and a drm of 3 installs is appalling (to say it kindly). when i discovered i could only install this on 3 machines i was quite disappointed. ubisoft support also seems seriously lacking. my son recently made purchase of a hardcopy ubisoft title, registered it to his account but could not download it - was just stuck in a registration loop. he was outright ignored by ubisoft/uplay official support contact - even after posting for help on their facebook page. eventually he exchanged the game for something worth twice as much (and not needing uplay). so he posted again to their facebook to let them know he didnt want their assistance anymore because they are useless and he had solved his problem. within minutes they deleted his post from the page making us well aware that uplay had seen his original help request but they had deliberately ignored it.i'd hate to see what will happen when i have to contact them for a new key for anno when i next upgrade my machine. if the same drm restrictions exist for the new anno when it is released i simply wont be buying it ... ever. in fact my experience with the few uplay games i do own has taught me to be extremely wary of investing in any ubisoft games again.
i got annoyed with this game all too quick honestly. constantly being revived right near a damn zombie, and they can spot you from what seems like miles and miles away. good survival game if you have the tolerance.
all these weird white lines are just moving slowly across the screen but the sound is fine. its ♥♥♥♥ 4 me
these controls are horrible, i stopped playing after 15 minutes, couldn't handle it.
♥♥♥♥ing runs at 30fps and 10fps in cities on lowest settings and i have a god damn gtx 970, 8gb ram and an i5-3570k.game itself it okay aside from the horrible optimization.
the graphics are really great but 1) constant (60+) file failures, quote from logs "hash mismatch"  - requires constant file integrity checks with reboot to get it working.2) connectivity problems if more than 1 computer from a house-hold is trying to play the game.3) to get successful log-in can take upto 2hrs with a good adsl2+ connectionnot for me till till it is easily accessable loggable
แดรก สเป็คมาก
mkx tinha tudo para dar certo mas eles fazem isso deixam o jogo ao meio
this game is horrible. everything is bad about it, the controls, the fighting and the screen movement its ♥♥♥♥ i tell ya
cannot even connect to the servers at the firrst loading screen, is there any explination for this?
can someone help me im having trouble actually playing the game, i can boot it up propaly but im not able to play the game in any way, not the tutorial or online games. i really want to play this game so can someone please answer my question.
bad
i would reccomend when the full game comes out of developement ... frame rate and map issues.
it sucks
i loved playing this game but the second or third time i lauched it, it never wanted to start up again. i tryed and tryed i restarted my computer but it just would start.
this game has huge potential but is just not right right now. i recomend you should wait until the game is done to use up your 15 bucks on it
probably the most buggy and non working game to date, i know its an alpha but at least release it when it works ffsheres an example of the ♥♥♥♥ that happens1: menus not working         so sometimes the entire menu disapears leaving me with the background and nothing else2:flickering and stupid ♥♥♥♥           black flickering 24/7 and the whole "this game is not responding" and constant ♥♥♥♥ like that3: inventory           the inventory layout is alright i guess but everytime i click on an item to drag it to my hotbar or take it of my hotbar the game crashes, great4: graphics           the graphics are alright, they would be better if they actually loaded, the ground and trees flicker and morph heaps making the game completerly unplayable ladys and gents here are the 4 of the 28 different glitches and bugs making the game completerly unplayable. it is an alpha but atleast make it playable before releasing it to the public // 1/10
worst game i have ever played...... full stop
막 튄기기도하고 이상함 업데이트한후
guys, i have heard its an amazing game, when i looked at the req for it my computer was able to run it fine supposedly, but when i actually finished downloading the game it seemed to work untill i actually joind a game, then it would slow right down and either say error, timed out or error, call of duty black ops 2 has disconected you from servers or something like that. every web page i visted has not helped me figure out why.. not even the steam support link to the cod page. can anyone help me??
i don't mind the graphics but this game is just another boring and generic mmo with so many bugs. this game is also fun and friendly but the vim system is annoying. it also has very boring combat. i played ranger and all it did was choose an enemy, shoot at enemy, run from enemy and repeat. 0/10
refund wasted my money
i cant run this game for some reason it keeps on saying "update of directx failed''. this sucks
i want a refund
this game is terrible full of hackers bad graphics and not worth your time do not download
yes if you like graphic death scenes and enjoy being the spawn of satan. however the story line does take a while to set itself up and its easier if you are reading a walkthrough since you are searching a large house for your next victim and murder weapon.
shitist game ever u cant even dowloand it it just crash contiously
crap game dont buy it
muy buen juego, lo recomiendo mucho para la gente que le gusta gastar para pasar, repito es un muy buen juego, solo en los primeros mundos, todo te pide poco oro o la el otro item sin embargo conforme vas avanzando comienzan a pedrite por un arma hasta la cantidad absurda de 71.000  de oro no estaria mal si los mundos dieran por lo menos unos 2.500 de oro al pasarlos pero no como mucho ya para el boss del nivel 24 los mundos te dan 1.400 de oro es decir si deseas un arma pues buena tendras que o comprar con dinero real bonos para obtener mas oro por partida o jugar unas 65 veces un mismo mundo, es verdad existe otra alternativa que es atacar el castillo de una persona real o poder robar su oro pero eso yo sinceramente lo veo muy mal pues, no me parece que una persona que a sudado sangra por conseguir una cantidad de 60.000 de oro este cerca y venga una persona te gane tu castillo y te llegue a robar hasta 15.000 de oro yo veo esto como una manera muy vil de la compañia para obligar aun mas a las persona a comprar sus malditos bling como creo que se llama esa maldita moneda, que lastima parecia un gran juego llegue hasta le nivel 24 sin embargo la cantidad absurda que pedian para solo poder obtener algo me parecio muy ruin de parte de la compañia, espero les sirva se divertiran en los primeros niveles se los aseguro, pero conforme vayan pasando comenzaran a odiar este juego como me paso a mi, saludos.
dont buy this game if you have a mac. it will crash everytime you open it.
caca
not for mac users!no matter what i try, the game crashes after i press the "done" button on the guide to playing texas hold 'em
downloaded the free version. completely wasted my time. a free version is meant to create desire to spend money on this game but fails miserably. i got to my 3rd ball on the first game and it came up and said i had too many points so buy the game or it resets back to the start again. all this in about 30 seconds of game play.this game has a big no from me.
is some boring game nothing to do after dead
ah yes depression quest.  found it kinda boring as i was living these circumstances and still ami want to hang myself atleast 23/24 hours a day. kinda lack luster in how it tells that there is no way to fix depression, but there is its called clorox and it takes away the pain. i rate it 5/10 cs:go has a better chance of giving me crippling anxiety and depression
batman arkham knight review:ceo: we are going to release a 2.5gb patch to our gameemployee: and what will we improveceo: well we'll make it run worse than before and add literally nothing elseemployee: i said improveceo: oh, sorry. i misheard. i thought you said "how are we gonna get more negative reviews on steam".performance:this game runs horribly. i used to run at low settings, 1080p, with aa and 8x anisotropic filtering, and run at a solid 60fps. now i run 900p with aa off and 2x anisotropic, and the game runs at 40fps. rocksteady need to sort out their pc port. they had to relaunch there game because of the port, and it went from bad at launch, better after an update, to worse than ever after a 2.5gb patch. gameplay:the batmobile in the game seems a bit overused. it is used for a lot of puzzles, and gets a bit boring. the combat is as fun as ever, utilizing counters a lot. rocksteady have added some new moves as well. the new gadgets such as the remote hacking device are fun and well utilized, and are actually very useful in many situations. for example, you can knockout a goon by turning on the escalator, or setting off an explosion. i do find it quite funny that once a goon is knocked out, you can shoot them as much as you like with your lethal cannons and guns on the batmobile. of course they are not dead though, because that would make it too dark.missions:there is a good variety of story missions in the game, and a lot of side missions as well. an example of variety in the story is  scarecrow fills the city streets with fear toxin and you must travel around the city on the rooftops. the final mission of the game involves running around as joker destroying weeping angel like statues of batman.  at this point, i have finished the story, and it is a good length. it did not drag on like saints row (my opinion as saints row iv got very boring as i played the story), and is not too short like mirrors edge (an enjoyable game, but i was finished with the story within 3 hours). the side missions contain a lot of the regular batman villians, like two face and penguin, and involve stopping their crime gangs for good. these are fun, and give you a lot of upgrade points, which like the other batman games, let you upgrade gadgets, and unlock new moves.conclusion:batman: arkham knight is a very fun game. the story is enjoyable, and even 29 hours in i am enjoying slowy completing all the quest lines. i just wish that rocksteady would fix their pc port. it makes the game in some cases unplayable, and i will most likely be refunding the game when i get the oppurtunity.performance score: 3 (at least it boots up)gameplay score: 8 (excessive use of the batmobile)missions score: side missions: 9 (a lot of batmobile use, but feels satisfying to take down crime gangs and villians)                          story missions: 9 (great ending, and lots of variety. again, a lot of batmobile use)overall score: 6 (not reccomended on pc because of performance, but if you own a console, buy it on that peasant machine)
very hard to controll i would not recommend it to anyone.
very addictive and your future is to spend over $100 in a month, terrible
bad
piece of ♥♥♥♥
this game is terrible for mac. it needs a serious update. my ping is always really good, but i lag soooooo muchhhh with this game. it is unplayable for people with macs!!!!
:( :( :( :(
mine is not working it will get to sever sellet then i would click on 1 and the nothing happens
it sucks ♥♥♥!!!
lol wot is this game
if someone was to ask me whether i enjoyed this game, i would probably so no, this is because there are enough micro-transactions here to put apple out of business... the graphics are dated, which i hope they fix in a later update and there is literally no character customization apart from what hair and clothes you want.i think that with work and effort, this game could be really good.
gygyg
it's way to complex
wtf if i want 2 play hotlin mimi i play hotlin mimi not dis ♥♥♥♥
god! this is such a rushed piece of ♥♥♥♥. don't buy it!
i was waiting for this game since 2008 and put as much god damn money on it as i could. ever since i was a kid i loved aliens and could not wait for this "masterpiece" of a game to hit the shelves. then it did came out, played the game for ages, got to level 60, finished the story mode on ultimate badass and tried to get all the achievements on xbox. and i hated it, i thought it was a broken piece of sh*t. then alien isolation came out and it showed me there is still hope for a great aliens game, even though it wasnt my game (on the count that i wanted to kill the xeno not run away) i could see how it would be fun, and then i just stoped playing it. i heard that acm was better on pc than on xbox and that you could mod it, so i got it and had fun in multiplayer and some game modes escape and tdm. story is still sh*t with them having weyland yutani blamed for everything because they are too brain dead to think of a compelling narrative but the multiplayer can be fun, but since the matchmaking is broken there is basicly no reason to play it and if you see it on store shelves give it a pass. rating 30%
10/10 error simulator 2016
animal watching/walking sim 10/10
'do these 3 puzzles 25 times!' no thanks.
in comparison to others, my time playing cs:go is low. but for that, i am glad. its not too hard to learn how to play the game, it is hard to master. its a time sink, where it always seems like you only over play on dust 2. for me, personally, the game became saturated and dry very fast, finding myself doing the same thing over and over whilst wasting money on "skins"
when i recieved this game i was hecka excited. i had finished this game on my friend's xbox 360 only months before and enjoyed playing it with him in co-op mode. after finshing this game on my pc i realised how boring and repetitive the game really was. the game is not a free-roaming or exploring type. it restricts you to the very bone with it's story levels, which are the only things that you can actually do in this game. sure, myself being a huge tolkien fan should enjoy this game a lot, but the lore is barely touched on. there are refrencing to the movies and books but no huge give away of what the game/story is actually about to all new-comers. if your looking for a middle-earth game with heaps of lore and factual basings on tolkien's work, please, please buy shadow of mordor. i did so on my xbox one, and have to say, it's probably one of my favourite games of all time.
yine hüsran.. usko'da olduğu gibi yine para çarpmak için açılmış  "serverlar". steam'e geçmesi umutlandıırmıştı çoğumuzu ancak paragöz nttgame yine eski oyuna çevirdi bile. oynayanlara kolay gelsin max 1-2 ayda bırakırlar... başlamayanlara hiç tavsiye etmiyorum, premiumsuz oyuna girilmiyor. premium fiyatları çok pahalı (exp pre 120tl~ bunun valkrysi pathosu magic hammerı geniesi derken aylık min 300tl)
this game is already in the bad books for gamers this year on console, and the pc version in no way any better. in fact, this game on pc is one of the worst games i've played. unless you have a high powered gaming pc to use, you'll experience terrible framerate on most maps and badly loaded textures. the dlc started of alright, but has steadly gotten worse and more boring with each release. this is definatly a downgrade from previous call of dutys like black ops 2 and mw2. not really worth buying.
valve makes enough money as it is.
when you cannot even enter a server than you know its bad, when the game looks like it was thrown together for an extra buck then were lucky its a free to play.but lets enlighten you all by instead giving you somthing worth doing.... creating a chocolate cakeingredients nutrition 1 1/3 cups (200g) plain flour 2 tablespoons cocoa 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda 200g good-quality dark chocolate, chopped 225g unsalted butter, softened, chopped 1 cup (220g) caster sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 4 eggs 1/2 cup (125ml) milk chocolate ganache icing and chocolate curls, to decorate select all ingredientsadd to my shopping listshop ingredients now[?]looks like your closest store is coles gateway, 6164. change locationunsalted butter pat 250g$0.80 per 100g$2eaprice ring every day logolarge free range eggs 12 pack 600g$0.70 per 100g$420ea price ring every day logomethod related recipes notesstep 1preheat the oven to 160c. grease and line a 24cm round springform cake pan.step 2sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and bicarbonate of soda into a bowl. set aside.step 3melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water (don't let bowl touch water). cool slightly.step 4beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. with beaters on medium speed, add vanilla, then add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. pour in cooled chocolate and beat until well combined. beat in a third of sifted ingredients, followed by a third of the milk. repeat until all ingredients are incorporated, beating until smooth.step 5pour mixture into the pan and bake for 45-55 minutes until risen and a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes, then invert onto rack to cool completely.step 6to serve, spread the icing over the top and sides of the cake using a hot palette knife, then decorate with chocolate curls.step 7to make chocolate ganache: melt 150g chopped good-quality dark chocolate with 125ml pure cream and 20g unsalted butter in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water (don't let the bowl touch the water). stir until well combined, then set aside for 30 minutes to cool and thicken before use.step 8to make chocolate curls: using a palette knife, spread melted chocolate 2-3mm thick on a hard clean surface such as a glass chopping board or marble slab that you can move. stand at room temperature until almost set. shave curls using a peeler or palette knife, pulling towards you at an angle. if the chocolate breaks, it is set too hard - leave in a warm place until more pliable. to make small curls, simply run a peeler along the side of a block of chocolate.find recipes that make the most of seasonal produce in our spring collection. you may also enjoy our picnic and salad collections.enjoy!!!!
a disaster of a game, don't waste your money on this piece of garbage.
there are bloody scammers in trade servers and little kids i like tf2 alot but hate it
cant join anyservers
is glichy as hell with out an xbox controller it was so bad i even uninstalled
clunky controls. does not feel smooth.atmosphere is too girly to attract enough males. interface is terrible. but on the flipside skill animations are well made which i believe deserves credit.still it is a game that is worth investing a few hours on, like 1-5.
meh, its good but ...
there isn't much to do and it's boring... there are no objectives and story to it. this game is not worth buying with money unless you have a vibrant imagination.
i can play it, because everytime i got to join a world the game chrashes
did you literally just make my base game redundant? wtf? :/
this game could have become something good, but it was "miscreated".but really this game has its goods and bads. i just wish there was more things to do and more people playing. right now it just seems like a map created on "world creator" and running engine.
i do not recommend this game its hard to play people f*** you up when your a commando in team deathmatch and trying to fight but the snipers are just pieces of crap! i do not want to buy this to a friend cause its garbage 5/10!
to does people who want to play this... its rageful. im not saying i hate the game hate the players! this is a good game but the cons are 1. players 2. evilness 3. lack of team supportersthis game is a game that is co-operative and the main thing is to help your teams in to doing the things you need to do its a good game but the players are rageful 7.9/10
in a wat a copy of minecraft but ok. i couldnt change the language of the game play to english which made it hard to understand.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring game
doesn't run really..too complicated.
this game was fun and all when i first started, i was also reaaally baad.but then, after a couple of days i started getting better.so good infact that a buch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ squeakers got so butthurt they reported me, all of them.now my account is "globally untrusted" and on cooldown.so if you're the really competitive type, do not get this game.you cannot be better than anyone.
acctually the worst game i have ever played.
*sigh* a fun game destroyed by unplayable gameplay mechanics... it's good when you start but don't try sandbox mode or any of the harder levels.
this game is good and all... when you have friends, when you matchmake with randoms it is worse the someone sanding off the tip of your ♥♥♥♥♥, i would rater cut my balls off then play a game with people who cant open there eyes! and you cant even quit without getting a ban, but i dont care about the ban because atleast thats better then playeing with people who cant open there eyes.if you cant move a mouse properly, this is the game for you.
don't ever buy his game.so sucks man...also dlcs
that uninstall button was amazing
half life 3 will release before this game reaches beta
"we've made it clear that payday 2 will have no microtransactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)"
if you like the steampunk genre, this game is definitely for you! if you like waiting, dealing with the inadequacies of your teammates, a clunky interface, terrible customization options, ai that wanders around aimlessly, and matchmaking system that leaves random assignment to be desired, then this game is super definitely for you!!!
bad game no exit menu no saving this game is really bad so i reckon take it off steam :(
the games pritty cool i still preffer starbound but i cant play it on mac witch annoys me quite a bit so i give it a 2 star out of 5
do not buy this piece of ♥♥♥♥ scam on steam!!!! it will not work it will do this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t where you go through this third party website and do all this bull using a different pc connected to the inetrnet yaditadiyah it doesnt work period do not buy it trust me. a big ♥♥♥♥ you rockstar you dik flavoured goat rapers. you guys really ♥♥♥♥♥ up this time
do not get this game there is no one in the servers and boring
♥♥♥♥ this worthless trash gayme, this is created for ♥♥♥♥♥♥s you have to be born a ♥♥♥♥ing beta male loser who enjoys watching/playing smash brothers at evo aka you a autistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ m0ther fu-cker. how people over the age of 5 find any characters funny is beyond me or any person in existance. i pray one day i will have the strength to kill myself so i could wipe this childish, autistic, trash dialogue from my mind. i play this game with everything muted plus the gameplay is nothing amazing it's good or as the blacks say it alright (black voice). ♥♥♥♥ this game i keep playing it because i have mental problems but i'm better than you.
even though i tried this on a macbook pro (obviously not a gaming computer) this game seems to be one of those games where you need a strong pc to play im not saying this game is bad but its just not good for anyone with computers that are not good for handling high graphical games but if you find a computer that can handle games like this then knock your selfs out.
shocking, would not buy
this game is sooooooooooooooooooo ♥♥♥♥ i cant join servers anymore and i dont friggen hack this game is ♥♥♥♥ let play im lvl 13 and it took me a while. stupid ♥♥♥♥!
meh.
the idea of the game has potential, the camera is terrible and goes all over the place. very glitchy and needs some tlc all in all the could be a good game but isn't.
gun monkeys, first of all the title dosent match. second, its a 2d really bad game.dont buy it dont buy it dont buy it
full of russians.
this game gives kids fits!
will never play it again
i found this game similar to minecraft. but terraria is diffferent, no beds classical pixal sandbox adventure and you dont know what to do after a while. i would recomend starbound why? you will see
before i begin, let me get the inexcusable out of the way: i have never played any of the thief games prior to this 2014 release, so i don't have any basis for comparison. turns out, it doesn't matter.the game starts off well enough with the jewelry store heist in the first chapter; picking locks and pockets is initially thrilling enough to get any kleptomaniac's heart racing. eventually as the game progresses, it becomes evident that the npc ai has been pared down to the point that sneaking around isn't much of a challenge. what is challenging though, is the way in which missions are replayed. want to go back and play through a chapter to pick up that missed bit of loot? well, forget about selecting the mission from the menu, you'll need to head back into the area in the city hub where the mission began. hardly intuitive when there's no option for fast travel and the map is absolute rubbish. in addition, the story is bland, and the characters aren't very engaging. there are issues with the sound, too, which ruin the atmosphere when you're trying to be quiet and you hear a loud voice, which must surely mean someone's in the room with you and you're about to be discovered. nope, the person talking is outside. across the road. in another building. on a more positive note, the art design is great, the buildings and surroundings appear to be painstakingly crafted.  sadly, this doesn't warrant purchasing a game, so i'd wait until there's a substantial discount. $5 and thief would be a steal.
the game has lacking in every aspect.unfavorable.still a pretty impresive effort when considering only one man developed the whole dead bits game.dubstep and unity engine fans might take a look at it.overall boring.
worst game ever if u wanna play a game like it play rust or dayz or h1z1 but dont play this game or waste ure money on it this game sucks ♥♥♥
idek.
just no.trust me dis game sucks!
won't even let me log in.i paid 10 bucks for this game. i would have rather listened to kids on call of duty all day than play this game.its unsuported, boring and i could definately not recomend.1/10
it sucked!!!
werfwerdtf32ewdsa
10/10 for uninstalling
sssssooooo many bugs but gameplay would have been good if there were no bugs and glitches
i downloaded it and it wouldnt even let me hunt
new new review (hackers come back again):this game has been hacked to include dedicated servers (at least for australians). however, i would say that the game is pretty much on its last leg cause even the hackers are messing up the hacked dedicated servers. i would not buy this game except for the singleplayer, so therefore i am officially saying goodbye to this game and recommend that you do too.new review (after hackers):for some reason, i think since the last update they got rid of hackers - the game is much more fun now, although multiplayer is still dead. but i guess that it doesn't matter if you have a high internet speed like i do. would be even more fun if i had some friends, but i don't...p.s. i miss the favela map :(old review (before hackers):if you just want this game for the single-player and co-op (if you have a friend around), and especially to get all the steam achievements, then i completely recommend this game - very fun, and excellent hand-eye co-ordination training. i honestly just play this game on veteran to test and improve my skills.on the other hand, even though this is my absolute most favourite game, i give this game a negative review because the most important aspect of the game (multiplayer) is dead. yes, it is still possible to play (although you will need a good internet speed to be able to connect with about 1000 people from around the world), but a minority of hackers have completely devastated the matchmaking system because iw do not moderate it anymore.i don't care if i get put into altered-physics games with noob toob explosions everywhere (they're actually pretty fun), but when hackers screw up my ranks and give me level 10 prestige with all achievements and accolades completed without my consent, i really can't take it. that's why i now have to give this game a negative review, even though it used to be so fun.there are work-arounds to the rank-changing problem though (but probably not worth it). i would recommend:- unsyncing your mw2 files from the steam cloud and making constant back-ups of all your online files (if you intend to play on public lobbies) - there are tutorials, just search for a user called laptop65- finding a steam group that host lots of private gamesi guess that's all i have to say...and if you want to play mw2 or any other cod game with me, just add me cause i will accept.
it use to be an amazing game but the franchise is dying and now its tfgo. don't believe me? they have bloody trade up contracts now. if you like fps then get this or even better get csgo for your christmas present
this game is so ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!
its horrible for an mmo no one plays it it took me 3 hours to find a server people were playing on
fistful of frags is alot better than tf2 but the graphics arent good at all, like tf2 no single player campaign and unlike tf2 it doesnt have enough classes.
its a horrible game and i really dont get the point to it. my advice dont get it unless you want to be stupid
no its a pretty awful game dont get it it always crashes when you start it up and my pc meets all the requirements you need to play it actually my pc beets the requirements whatever you do dont get it its loaded with bugs and glitches.
its a rubbish game i absolutely hated it and after about a yr of having in my library i unistalled it ferom my pc and removed it from my library and in that time i only played it about 50-60 times.
only if is a really great game and i really really enjoyed playing. but i dont recomend it because tags say horror but theres no horror i dont get it and i hated that in the first room on the first level there is a censord picture and i really wish it was'nt.p.s check out locky_408 youtube channel heres the link: www.youtube.com/user/xlocky408xyou should also check out tobuscus: www.youtube.com/user/tobuscusand check out the gretest youtuber ever pewdiepie link: http://www.youtube.com/user/pewdiepie
average
there a lot of lag so anyone can help or overkill that will be great
i was really excited for this game, then got let down. im hopeing it keeps getting updated because it could be a fantastic game.i sorry to say i wouldn't recommend this game just yet.
so bad i hate it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
*looking through games*"hmm that looks cool"*downloads game**runs game**starts playing game**falls through the ground**dies*
this isn't what i didn't pay for
this is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i paid 15$ and it doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing work it crashes then it ♥♥♥♥ing bank scereen records what ♥♥♥♥ing bullsjit obs is so much ♥♥♥♥ing better this software is ♥♥♥♥ i cant even get a refund fml
dont know how to get into  game
uplay is the reason.cant reboot, get 10-30 fps,and frequently crashes.computer easily runs it but uplay makes the experience less enjoyablewould highly not recommend it. its not the game, its uplay
terrible game. abort! abort
borderlands 2 is one of my favourite games and then i was pumped for the sequel and... well there is only one good word to describe this game. ♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥ cannot play
♥♥♥♥
pretty gay
put ads on all the guns and then you've got yourself a perfect game.
i actuly liked  emily brads a ♥♥♥♥ hes being nasty to this lovely girl why couldent i kiss her when we went for the walk why couldent ti hoock up wit her i realy waner to get a fp sex seson 1/10000000
attention: users with 21:9 monitors should not purchase unless they want to play in 1080p and not the full resolution, due to cursor problems not solved after three years of being released.
my h1z1 story~destiny purchases h1z1 ~ don't buy this game until the full release. i'm saving you $20~downloads game~launches~creates a simple account *thank you*~updates~launches~crashes g99 error~launches again~crashes99/10 would write a bad review for this game again
the game is broken, there are hackers everywhere and it's just really boring.i wouldn't waste your money on this.
this game is complete cancer.i would rather drink bleach than play this.call of duty is pretty much dead at this point.don't waste your money on it.
this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing rip off of farming simulator 2017
i really didn't like it. i'm sorry. slow and boring
the only armour is electroshields. i came back about a week ago and i prefer the first/second big update of the game, where it had teirs. now you verse op builds with your crappy starter ship. overall its gone to ♥♥♥♥. (pretty much pay to win at this stage).i used to have fun :c - rip robocraft
steam e çıkmadan önce oynuyordum tavsiye etmiyorum daha iyi mmorpg ler var.
dota 2.normal skill - 2ez for me>high skill - still 2ez, go harder>very high skill (2hard or harder - you do not like to play there, want fun , etc. you leave the game to receive complaints from the players , and then play on a low priority. after a few tricks you get the "hidden pool" to play with the same people who leave the game just like you. " who are not able to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game," you know? you play without mistakes , blah blah blah , do everything that depends on you , but ... @_@ kill youself if you leaving winnig games. p.s. do not leave the game and do not play if you do not want to play , or upset than ever.bad game, ty valve for this ♥♥♥♥ing hidden pool and low priority. gl
this game takes alot of ram memory .
this is just simply horrible, i always lag and it always gets frozen. horribly you cant even do most of these controls. it says press this number, whenever i press it, it never works. ide rather play it on console. 0/10
my mouse keeps spazzing about for some reason razer naga
what the fish
♥♥♥♥
its a good game. i don't reccomend it.
well there is no other review i can give to this rip-off of cs that doesn't even work
bad
don't install this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's the gggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you don't want to play this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! alt+f4 is your best friend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game is terrible! so, iv tried 15hrs tryin to play it everytime i keep signing in it crashes like
uplay, everytime
